because i'm a fucking maniac!
walter, you look like shit.
what's so great about your fucking life?
oh, miss daisy, lord knows you ain't a fool!
i gotta givethose bastards points for originality.
my ex-wife is gonna be there. all her miserable, middle-aged soccer-mom friends are gonna be there.
what the fuck are you talking about?
as far as the adjunct is concerned, if he can handle a pair of scumbags, he won't last much longer.
you won't die from getting your hand cut off.
you're the only adult i know cheats.
you'd be dead if robin...
maybe i don't want to do dumb stuff with you all the time, but...
damn right i was! yay!
"our burned bodies will be the ultimate protest
and as for the rest, we're left only with pathetic... ...scattered fragments.
my butt hurt, but other things pushed me more.
before you go, palladium in the chest, painful way to die.
that woman loves humanity, but can't stand people!
but you still have all qualities like a dog, gary.
he laughed aloud, and the sound of it was like wild, lunatic sobbing.
yeah, then why don't you fuck off?
you ever... ...dress up like a schoolgirl andget your ass spanked?
not gonna watch her whole damn show.
what the hell, it's an inflatable building.
do i look like an asshole?
i better shut up again.
and you won't get rita and her millions just because she's mentally disabled.
you can burn them with acid.
if someone offends a member of my team, i kick his ass.
to kill everything that can stand in our way.
i want the material back, bullies.
you think bush and cheney didn't know about that shit? give me a fucking break!
it'd almost be impressive if she wasn't such an evil creature.
and then he decided rehab was a crock of shit and they ran off together.
shut up, lumberjack!
she walked closer, she rounded the corner and discovered you, the two of you, you know, fucking.
if you have any left, get rid of them.
my balls!
foolish and beloved horseman! "i say.
i must be disgusting!
could you give me a hand with the garbage ?
mycroft will be useless.
he'll spend a million dollars in your casino, and you won't be a dick.
then shut up and work!
what a lout!
you think this kind of shit hasn't happened here before?
and he said a pretty sick talk about the future, about how the human race must be cleansed.
you don't want to hear i got fuckin' cigarettes put out on me when i was little.
i want you to stop making up lies about kicking my ass or i'm gonna have to set you straight.
what the hell are you doing?
i'm afraid it's one of hapsburg's goons.
her pie will be burned.
and by the way, after i bond with them over the psychosis that comes with being your child's primary caregiver, i'll eventually have sex with one of them because they're, you know, on the same feeding schedule.
but then let's find them and destroy them instead of fantasizing. "
then why don't we get rid of her?
i've told the magistrate that you're the only vampire in the kingdom,
people are puppets.
for ignorant eyes, it's only children's scribbles, but it's a map for a pirate.
and on the first occasion, i'll throw them out of the airlock!
i'm no expert, but there must be a dozen teachers better than this clown.
whenever they kill someone in santa barbara,
awesome, so we'll drink her booze, trash her place and still ignore her ass.
instead he took my virginity.
you'd fry my eggs on your stomach.
charles burnside was ugly, but he was always content with what he saw in the mirrors.
and then, of course, urinate on her to mark her as your territory.
the end of a witch in america.
"we envy and admire the negroes for we want to become like them: animals with a long cock and a tiny reptilian brain..."
what disgusting disease has he got?
i'll take out the garbage.
now i'm gonna have to break the little sad sack's heart.
guys, how many times have i told you not to play with those cocksuckers in the bathroom?
poor, hopeless drug victim with a bad heart, nearly killed him.
hey, the asshole is the strongest muscle in the human body.
gregorio, make him disappear before i rip his eyes out!
jesus, mact you could start world war three!" "goddamn!
but priscilla seems so inept in the kitchen.
there big and i were... ...somewhere between wild sex and a baby.
don't think too much, and don't you be no fool.
young blood at r.&w. - ahh, you're no dorks!
the real me is plain, uninteresting and hates sexy underwear because it's really uncomfortable.
one, two, three! gunshot
i didn't get caught fucking marty heller.
well, you do got a big-ass dick for a white boy.
he doesn't have to worry. i only want to see your henchman.
go to your mother.
she was beaten with a stick, but that didn't kill her.
i don't need yourstupid clothes anyway!
you're not cool.
"god, what a shitty deal, god, what a piece of crap"... do you feel anything? if...
"pedro is an old killer," he said above a heap of bleached bones scattered beneath a single spruce, near which he stood and pointed.
let's tell them we were taking a bunch of gays to get married.
what the hell did you see?
maybe i should've left your ass in jail.
he killed that guy, like i told you, and he threatened to kill my father too!
the fuckers are giving tony's wife 5,000 instead of 50.
dick, trust me, i know what i'm doing.
so if you wanna be stubborn and hang this jury, go ahead.
see, and i always felt foolish all the time because...
my friend will die. "
we're going to die.
"scrape them off, claire.
goddamn!
shithead.
every time i lie down, i'm gonna hear that beautiful goddamn song,
and i would finish fucking drink.
but the truth is, i'm done with this gangsta shit.
after the first 11 meetings with you, i felt like i was gonna strangle you.
fuck your mother!
dymas: we've heard enough of your lies.
alms for a miserable woman
trickster!
if your father was here, he'd cut you up.
it sounds like the metaphor for the body as it orgasms.
he slit his victims' veins and drained their blood
you'il suffocate her!
can't just let her die.
we should be dead right now!
i'll tear your soul apart.
shoot.
not to mention the endless repetition of words like "nipple" and "pikestaff."
you're disgusting. and i will never give you one part of utopia.
you sound like a goddamn 12-year-old. you know that?
i heard if a mental person is rich enough... ...they justcall him eccentric.
this strange and tarnished victory only proves to me the subhuman stupidly of warfare in our age of science and industry.
i wanted division dead and gone so that my life wouldn't affect her life.
brains, popekleles is my stalker.
immediate slaughter is essential, to prevent the spread of the virus.
hurt them, hurt me."
you got the balls to do something like that?
a lot of people tried to kill me.
that doesn't mean i want to date a skunk.
i found a way to shoot you out of that marriage.
what the hell is going on?
shut up!
what kind of lunatic special action unit did they pull you out of?
hit him.
she assaulted me, demanded i deflower her.
you fucking stripped me naked, you made me piss in a fucking bottle... in front of... who?
and by now your rat tail should hang down to your freakin' knees.
i finally get my shit together.
but i'm warning you... you'd better think twice before you start spreading bullshit, or keep your pants zipped up.
damned ltto ogami.
this is the way the fucking world ends.
you could execute them. that's the safest course.
why would the demons let them blow their brains out?
you have many victims, and only their cries can kill you.
give yourself another whack, come back and scam somebody else.
now he's gonna call the state department and have that kid's butt shipped back to argentina.
they're fucking great, i'm telling you.
he lives in a lie.
come on, she's the only friend i've got in this stinking world.
and from there god, it was just a blur of intravenous drug abuse and unprotected sex while taking the lord's name in vain.
that's probably from being gay.
actually, why do you pee right next to me when you could have picked this bush or it's a good bush for piss?
i couldn't do it if your "decent people" weren't willing to pay a damn price for it.
i wish someone had the balls to tell that brat this station ain't his playground.
he fucking murdered her.
you think you're a great guy when you punched my face in the snow when you got a baseball bat?
"nazi thuggery a tragedy," joe stuttered away as he passed a slow-moving truck.
whether it was the princess's blessing or her awkwardness, i don't know, but after a long blow and effort, she could do no more than kill him in a field of stab.
i just don't want my jerks hanging around my office, asking unseemly questions.
how long do you think you can keep up this miserable masquerade?
damn, it looks like they're closer than i thought.
i'm going to enter the devil's science fair with your monster, and i'm going to win him.
and you're a killer?
neither do i. all i remember is that hillbilly tow truck with the fucked up teeth.
our stepfather was a brute.
you think i'm useless.
i can't find my fucking tunes.
hurry up because i want to go smoke weed with that dishy indian guy.
you think i stabbed you the other day?
but those idiots have been doing this for weeks.
robbie...lloyd, he... knocked his own brains out.
what, you're a thief?
convicted, drug addicts, sick, poor.
he'd be burned to shreds.
20 years later, and you're still a bully!
who the fuck are you kidding?
they fucked me, harry.
sure was stupid of us, wasn't it?"
no, my advice is much more subtle. stop being an ass.
he was all for killing mel, for christ's sake.
i will have the lazy chanters beaten with nilgu thongs."
you sure the bitch didn't eat it?
you're not paying me for fucking good manners.
come on, damn it, get up!
wait a minute, isn't that one of the crazies?
you know that prick, mickey gills?
listen to how crazy absurd you sound.
karen, all due respect... give me a fucking break.
you're still thinking like a hooker, stop it.
they're going to bury me.
he gagged and bound her with blaze orange duct tape and put her in the closet.
but that bastard brother of his, that other half of him, the half he envied and despised, the half he should have been-by rights.
now, if you'd let me, i'd stitch you up.
i bet you blame that shit on your wife too, right?
like cockroaches on a wedding cake.
like i said, i want a rich fat guy.
there's gonna be a row if you don't shut your filthy mouth.
when you're, i'm sorry for the expression, the biggest ass on the ground...... you depend on the device that works.
your mri shows there's bleeding on your brain.
those steroids-doped bitches?
people say an ignorant woman is an honorable woman.
who the hell could it be?
but me, i'm fucked up with that bunch of sniggers.
maybe even porn.
let me take a few boys, i'll find this bastard.
don't let him suck you and nathan back into his life.
shut up.
i just think it sucks you guys think you can do what you want.
what the hell?
when i was young, all i think about was sex.
her aim is theft and murder.
nothing i can understand. it's all ghetto shit.
you're not smart.
he wanted to cum on my face.
throw the bomb!
oh, shit.
they are useless.
tonight, you could've gotten laid. but instead... you got fucked.
bruce: you butchered my son!
will you stop your damn sniveling, son?.
you can't fool an old fool.
i stood over her with my fist and asked if any other woman wanted to give me ugly names.
oh, shit.
i prefer to fuck.
i like to come to the zone because i like the tall, skinny chicks with their red panties.
... once a fellow came and asked if he could pay a foreign exchange, "a whore of a kind of" republic of mercy. "
their mother is the fat lady, and their father swallows swords and tames lions.
oh, shit, see?
it took him a matter of fact before the sticky little bugger died out of his eyes and eyebrows, and as long as he was a beard, he had to cut it a little bit.
throw me a bone.
a person with a clean record, what she would say our neighbors and family were murdered by a bunch of nutters.
just drop the fuckin' tools.
fulminating god!
lieutenant, he's got a screw loose.
what the hell are we playing 20 questions for?
female victim. cut up into pieces.
where the fuck am i meant to go? huh?
if your little brother alon didn't go to war before the bier caught him, they'd hang him. "
but if the prince of evil's minions had thought to escape death here, they were fools.
will he try to kill me again?
two retards are not a good combination.
they always die in three.
"--fire and for the pig."
when a thief breaks in and you shoot him... the law won't be hard to prosecute, he shouldn't.
i didn't realize what a fuckup i'm defending.
oh, shit.
i want my damn clothes back.
what the hell is that?
i'll have to take your blood.
i fucking love that you put it on your calendar.
do you realise how disgusting your self-pity is?
foon, you scum, apologize to your brother.
our actress is a killer?
i want to make a slop, let it dry your tears.
the spirits more irritated they become devils.
most of the liberal world was watching in horror at the inexorable rise of the reagan-thatcher right wing fuck-buddy coalition.
and he'll give you one shot.
claude will kill them and move in with esther.
he's very sensitive...... and he can't stand the sight of so many pig heads at once.
and the killer must be punished.
throw him the pistol!
uncuff him!
he's the one fucking wasting your time.
"did i just father the most insignificant asshole of the 21st century?"
but it's only a matter of time before he shows up...... and he'll kill us more...... if he doesn't find a fight.
i don't like bums. and i don't like them walking around.
there are people in town who want to see daniel dead, people who would kill him if they thought they'd get away with it.
i even fucked up the easiest birthday thing. i forgot the cake.
that neon green fanny pack screams, "gullible tourist."
because i see only the neck of kim brown in my hands and myself as i strangle her.
oh, hell, pumpkin, i wish you could drive... go to harvard... go out with that bitch, carolyn... but it's just not in the cards.
lousy sex?
you know, i told her you watched me like some kind of pervert.
simple manipulation of the prostate and seminal vesicles so as to force out the ejaculate at the critical moment.
where's the key, monster? "he shouted at ghek.
robinson, how the hell did you end up in spain?
i spit my last breath at you!
just got off the phone with the vet. fucking tumor on her liver.
you threatened to put my head in the box.
he was terrified of losing a section of his tender upturned ass to one of the slinkers back there in the woods, but he laughed anyway.
candy, don't be a fool!
they have to take out me of here, urinate me in the face.
good friend will stab you in the front.
give me something on sackles, show me it's not bullshit...... and i swear i'll help you.
miss mallory, strangled his ass when he made mistake of asking what her parents were like.
a genuine serena van der woodsen sex tape...
tentacle rape.
repulsive depraved animals in bunkers and jeans.
they hanged her tearing off her mask, exposing her hideous face to the light.
i'll have her or die.
you're the fucked-up version of amy winehouse...
one in his face and the other almost blew his balls off.
for $5,000, maybe i can fuck her.
tell me, do you think you have a mental breakdown?
i shanked her pink ass and she loved it!
no, but... no, but you listen to me, you little cunt!
thanks again for saving my ass yesterday.
women like dogs, you have to have a license to prove that you're the owner.
where's your nasty little sidekick?
"okay, you laser pukes!" someone called.
what john saw about the snake and who the prostitute is.
yo, why ain't this shit kicked in yet?
i told you you had the wrong one, midget!
and the great glorificus shall return... ...to the hell i came from, where i'm gonna rain down more supersized portions of slaughter, mayhem and bloodshed than any of you scabs can even dream about.
you didn't look at your family killing your family.
i've been at a couple of seminars at school design so i can make an ass out of these tramps' racists in my neighborhood.
“don’t you try to be so goddamn strong, don’t try to be so brave,” laura said.
that had to hurt his ass.
well, i'm gonna bleed him.
you can just do your time and stay away from that asshole.
you'll get your shot.
who the hell is he talking about?
his throat was slit, almost from ear to ear.
jews wouldn't let her be with them.
she didn't even have an onion there because i hate her.
a guy who can't handle a woman... is ridiculous.
"beat up a mob guy, putting our whole family in danger."
no, cock, i have nothing to do with him if he lives.
look at you wolf man... inspiring up all the kids n' shit.
this is the little man who fucked her, jimmy!
what the hell do you mean?
they'll all be killed, but you don't care about that, do you?
for wendy, blacks and liberal whites will be voted for.
he was like a helpless pup locked up with a bitch in heat.
anybody who did is dead.
are you out of your mind?
what the hell...?
and you throw our money away on a stupid bet?
he's going to the mayor's, he's going to take her to the sniper when he's in...
are they crazy in barcelona?
but you can know the rules and you can still do stupid things.
she grabbed one end of a heavy conference table, tossed it aside to reach houseman, while the hands of the bleeding diplomat vibrated furiously on the floor as he tried to move his butt away from her.
you put him on a bag of vomit, baby.
mr. burns, your tail is on fire.
you've just been using me for your disgusting games.
and i believe i can be your best killer.
nameas was a killer in the war, his terrible jaws tearing and tearing, and yet he was gentle and gentle in the palace, occasionally turning his big head and licking the child clinging to his side.
pamela anderson sex video kama sutra nude jonas brothers orgasm sexy girls 2girls1cup akon enrique iglesias linkin park basshunter sex scenes xxx power rangers mistic forse wwe hentai bb8 big brother hanah montana amnesia ibiza
hey! what the hell is going on?
fry your tits!
on stage i'm going to unleash hell.
i have syphilis from you?
attack us and you get hurt badly.
it is why magicians are shunned and hated.
my friend, he's got the same penis as yours.
don't fuck with me, all right?
how do i kill him and not shoot her?
you can kiss this nigger goodbye.
i don't want to validate his ridiculous theory.
but if only it weren’t for those three ridiculous gods. after 3000 days they couldn't wait one more. and just opened the doors.
your father and i had a quick screw.
occasionally, apparently lost in her ecstasy, she would stretch up, thrusting her pubic region against his quivering lips and tongue.
you know how dodgy kids can be.
that's... disgusting!
the witch antonia did.
silver, i'm really glad you're here, because if you hadn't been here, annie and dixon would have been more fucked up.
i'm telling you, with the certainty your father is dead.
for sex.
they're pirates.
oh, no one wants that, except for suicides.
he must have missed his fucking train!
dead tourists with a stamp on their hand and vampire blood in their veins.
hey, man, you sold me that shit.
why not just let us die in the storm?
suddenly, my nightclub is a fucking tomb.
tell them to piss off.
double urine.
'you want to die?'
do you think someone just so happens to be gay?
didn't it look like that spear was going to go right through your skull?
it smells like wet rubbish.
i can't feel shit, homie!
he says we should release a rat monkey.
without that plane, we're screwed.
you know, i'm sure that he killed her and made it look like a tarot killing.
do not turn around, please, you son of a bitch!
so now as the bow goes down, the stern rises up,... ..slow at first, then faster and faster,... ..until she's got her whole ass up in the air.
i was like, "well, fuck, yeah, that'd be great, wouldn't it?
how could you, quiet, unknown freak?
he should keep the shrapnel from my heart.
don't you fucking give me no orders!
do you think you can kill jurt for me?
oh, sweetie, you're going to do a rectal examination.
would you mind swabbing the inside of your cheek?
if he didn't kill anyone, it's up to you.
he made me watch him suck the meat off my fingers.
mom, don't let me kill you.
ridiculous, but deeply valued, cristina.
i saw your lips moving, but it was your mother's nagging-ass voice-
don't sit here like a dork, come out!
but every lake has its evil witches.
i couldn't care less about those stinking beasts.
it's dumb. your hair looks like it's dead.
get the hell out of here!
and the sooner they kill her, the sooner the mayor can do what he likes.
you got a 187 on a peace officer and you're fucking letting the suspects walk!
all the while, the black leader seemed to be confined to the defense, for whenever he started out against his opponent, he always deliberately failed to place a fatal blow, the possibility of his defecating and experienced eye every instant.
he looked like a fool, but he was innocent.
i'm not gonna have sex with you unless we're married.
marduk will kill the winged snake, tiamata.
be a shame to shoot you. comrade junior lieutenant, have you got some paper?
in the course of their childhood, they might kill hundreds of people.
do us a favor, i know it’s difficult for you but please stay here. and try not to do anything stupid.
don't be a tattletale little bro.
i see a stiff i didn't kill myself, it makes me want to do something, like practice or running or fucking when you're near a pretty girl.
l.t., this is a waste of our damn time.
i risk all to lure varus to our house only to find i am no longer the fucking master of it.
come on, he's no idiot!
no, goddammit, i'm a soldier, with the career goal of all soldiers.
tom, you're just being a disgrace.
so you gonna help me with this bomb, or are you too busy with your own shit?
oh, shit.
and when he gets tired, he comes back to me, puts his head on my lap and asks me to help him die.
are you making banks now, or is it still a little junk?
but i kind of fucked up.
the only thing you do is make a shitload of money and play golf and bridge and buy cars and drink martinis and wear chopsticks.
okay, just shut up!
he stuck it up her joy trail and slit her wide open.
i bet a chuckle like that on a woman my age looks silly, but i did it - when i'm happy, i giggle.
and we're not going back to yonkers until we both kiss a girl.
disguise yourself all you want... your rotten stench will never go away.
someone stole my cockroaches' powder.
a crazy scientist running amok, and we don't have pictures...
i couldn't take a chance on getting stuck with an ugly girl the rest of my life.
fuck, the other day i went to see an iranian film.
ha-ha-ha. - you're sick, you know?
and if i get cancer, it'll be your fault.
one gunshot wound to the back of the head.
"you're bloody joking."
okay, they can't go too fast if they have those farts.
he's a flawed individual.
voldemort will touch one and burn them all, and they know they have to join him. "
what the hell is the time? "
push them in the back.
you're not even a german!
we'll break their legs!
a self-indulgent kind of bullshit, you know, taking 50-minute sessions.
the home line is full of saboteurs and provocateurs.
if it charges nine men with dirty rope,..... or the judge in his robes before the american flag, the boys will be as dead as it would be a lynch.
i thought school was a bunch of crap.
just came from the bottom of hell to make my life miserable.
damn, i wasn't there for it.
murderers just don't stop killing themselves.
you're my boob i beat you up in every way
most people would let that giant die after what he's done.
i'd rather be paranoid than be raped by guards in prison.
i'm not the one who's fucking him !
with abigail's powers on his side, no one could stop that devil anymore.
i will be damned if i ever let him get the better of me.
let them starve to death, those dogs !
my dear maggio i love you with all my heart and if i cannot make love to you i will die
damned if i know. you conspired against the crown!
you know, barboro, it's really a lot of nonsense.
so guys, lesson first: when a white guy walks into the ring with a smoky smoky, there's no chance.
i do not like the damn jamny cheese.
no, no, you make decisions in your life, and if you fuck them up, you have to pay for them.
you want me to kick you out of this planet?
i'm disgusted with you.
the damnedest thing happened up there.
some of them would like to hang you, walter.
just shut up.
i shouldn't have fucked her.
a bunch of rubbish.
so, tell me the truth, how bad did i suck ?
i act like a fool and i realize that, and that's why i know i'm not.
let's see how you laugh when my judging machine cuts off your head!
"hope to die if i didn't.
but one of them is a erectile dysfunction.
he's really quite shameless!
why do you want to disappear like a thief?
anyway, i fucked him, he flew...
because the day someone puts a bullet through your head, joss won't be far!
we'll color your head with a bling-bling blonde.
hiro is bulletproof up to his neck, but that just means the new south africans will all be going for a head shot.
he killed himself instantly.
don't make any sudden moves, or i'll shoot you!
yeah, and the loser is whoever gets in the way.
who gives a shit, eh?
a separate limb fell to the ground, and the black man stood motionless, facing his enemy, his sword sticking out of his shoulder.
you touch her, i will cut your cheeks with a straight razor.
i just punched him twice.
life is full of fucking surprises, man.
we a freak-ass family, but we family, all right?
bad chick.
kimmie, your brain will go crazy, and your eyes will be moving.
he said you got a kick out of it, like some nazi.
you have no fucking helicopter.
i would write poetry about that butt.
and so he became an asexual landlord.
it's never gonna be me and you and your sister and shyne... ...fucking playing house up there.
i was very surprised by your surprise... well, that's bullshit.
m! why the hell had he got in half an hour early?
"fuck your formalities," he said.
we didn't make love the way they love themselves in the movies...... where a guy goes in between her legs like a hot knife with butter.
i don't want you here.
but it turns out that recruits are useless, so bolin has taken them to a hidden training center, where he taught them antique dodging of fruits and balls.
well, i know you guys are gonna kill it at city limits.
get him the fuck away from me!
she was the one that the killer really wanted to kill.
the time to burn and kill.
i was just wondering if you could... punch the door in my face.
you strangle your son? that's insane!
my rottweiler les is homosexual.
it looks like a psychocrisis.
general zhao was killed in battle and my brother has become a traitor.
i don't care what the hell he's screaming!
williams lay naked on the table.
i want you out of this town and i want you out now.
you're shit out of luck on that one, man.
the door was open, as if they were on a dick.
in fact, dreams don't come true, and your name will be printed in newspapers when you die.
if not, i'll come back here and i'll carve out your eyes one by one.
poor suckers, they won't even know what hit them.
get that bitch out of the truck.
i know more about the kid who fixes my damn car.
did you forget that someone was in there... with a goddamn hand cannon?
shut up.
double gay trap! (laughs)
you liar!
"what the hell are you saying?"
to be in hell... or in heaven.
what are you, their pimp, and these are your skank hoes?
wallace -- that annoying joker?
hey, was i the moron who put real bullets in the gun?
bunch of assholes!
jake is crazy here, to mobilize all.
i actually killed the terence brothers.
you had to be careful fucking with them, too.
my damn car.
if you want to talk dirty, i'm gonna eat this shit.
it is strange you would take the idiot-girl for jurand's daughter
without our government, you'd be stuck in siberia now... suckin' the juice from a rotten commie potato.
you're inconsiderate and stubborn.
well, you're alive, you moron in a salad, and as for the two of you, i hope you learned a good lesson.
that's why it tastes so good, dumb-ass.
look… it sucks… that she kissed chris… but haley married you.
the middle english word for "convent. " it's an assembly of 13 witches.
"there wouldn't have been any damn patch of ice then," petros muttered.
open the damn door.
so... how do you kill her?
okay, so tell me what the fuck is going on?
i'll come out and shoot blanks.
then the losers will hand them the keys.
as soon as i'm back, don't forget to dump me.
jill? what the hell!
guess how long he didn't shit for.
listen, moth. you tell me where you hid the stone, and you leave this shithole alive.
is that sweet, he do not let its pig just out.
is that what you're doing in the garbage?
a thousand years ago he and the other titans controlled these damn thinking machines.
are you guys crazy? attention, soldier!
listen, capps is a tough guy, but he's also a blowhard.
you look at him once and i'll make your life a nightmare.
couple of hours ago, you didn't give a shit.
listen to me, you little shit.
crap. what's he doing here?
i'm sorry, but i'm pointing a gun at you.
'i suggest you put it to hell, mr. zimoval, 'said william, pushing past him.
i want to kiss your eyes.
it'd make me stay hard for three days! you pig!
and then crowley will watch his son die...
you're hurting me, you creep!
we'll annihilate her allies, then close in and finish her off, as well."
you know, i'm truly astounded at the incompetence of all of you.
if you'd given me the chance, i'd have taken him like a shot.
shit, bubbles know bird.
that's the way it was till 1955, when a black woman broke the law by refusing to move to the back of the bus. white people just couldn't believe it.
they're worse than rabbits!
i'm gonna get her away from those lunatics.
you'd be dead now if i hadn't.
they could have killed you there, you know that?
you're like number 10, but i like fat.
some fun is forbidden just because assholes in a priest outfit or a tie say so.
a criminal.
try to involve me or any of my family in this and you'll discover quite how much of a damn i do give.
come back to your body, right now!
some guys have suitcases full of shit.
if i have to get in the fucking hole for a fucking escape, i want it to be my fault, not someone else.
i hope you don't burn in.
shut up, eric!
why the fuck is this in the drawer?
you've finally done it: shoot the legend.
shit, i'm late.
you're going to take this ugly green manta that belongs to the shower cap.
no, i could've slaughtered you or your family, anytime i wanted, nick.
i watched you hang.
"and he's scared silly someone will find out."
you ain't never jogged a day in your life. and your ass shows it.
yeah, jackson is the most irate chickenshit north of hadrian's wall.
no, screw it.
he looked down at himself and saw a dark stain in his crotch.
out of his freaking throat.
what a dick.
the man look at me all sad and shit, like i let him down.
and then he's gonna murder.
what is this crap.
attacking karas's true body was dirty!
best-case scenario is my two-year plan just became a 10-year plan. that schmuck.
joss beaumont, espionage and ass-kicking!
get off me.
considering tonight's events, she would be a fool not to be frightened.
you're shitting me, right?
no, no, no, no, i stink.
his name is death and tax.
we both live apart from those idiots in the real world.
¡shut up ! the substance is ... oxygen, carbon, carbon monoxide, iron, neon and krypton.
they're the worst.
death will be paid by all humans.
you know, i actually thought that i killed dad by having sex and then i find out that every year he's going on these missions and cheating on mom!
come on, i'll blow you.
the last thing our city needs is a dead tourist.
i'm gonna go out tonight and flirt with the sex girls of san francisco.
grasshoppers, raisins and napalm... i'll mail this curse to you.
what the hell are you doing here?
your modern mettle is only for weaklings.
it's like shooting at your brother!
this one may look clean, but he's got muck stuffed in his head.
igor, yuri, move your butt!
when he's done with his macbook, i'll be dating my spitzik, an aboriginal monster.
all right, listen up, nitwits.
and you have to be a little crazy, or else...
i thought i made myself clear when i said your punk ass was no longer in business.
"oh, you're looking for a fight, you bum?"
all i need is the size of a packet of fags.
ro-- get the hell out of my house.
if you don't get together and we don't warm up, we die.
murdered.
every time he takes a pee for a test, then it's bad news, and then i'm depressed, and i think of my husband fucking my mom because we're so selfish, we want a kid with our dna.
"but that's what cowards do, and i'm not a coward.
the youth, like the whole edun, stank of incense.
you're a greedy.
these will be executed by pressing the button below.
she's here 'cause she killed another inmate with her bare hands.
you really don't give a shit about offending anyone, do you?
if bullshit paid for televisions, you'd have a state-of-the-art home cinema!
my baby... ...is fucked on cocaine! katsov:
it's called 'bad cunt.' - leave it.
'he could kill us, wouldn't he?
dad said to me "you meet these young blacks who are having a terrible time."
switch with her, or you'll have blood on her hands.
i won't let you kill us!
we have to do a post-blast assessment. see if it was a suicide bombing, and if so, how the fuck did he do it?
now you leave the bugger alone.
you should've beat him up more, brother tai.
you'll smash the bar.
what the hell is he doing now?
lot of fucking noise we made.
yeah. so how are your parents with you being gay?
you're the most pathetic little girl i've ever seen.
don't be silly, it was the least we could do, gentlemen.
shoot me first.
shoot it!
i think he's gonna take all the crap.
yeah, maybe not while i'm serving fucking tomato sauce.
what the hell...?
i don't know, he's just standing there like zombies.
dad has a patient who dreams he shits trout.
“if you think i’m paying for your quent, you’re sick in the head!”
beat them!
"help me." - would you like to go to hell?
and this slap is from your dead father.
you know, it could have been a fucking job.
we give no fuck towards your roman pets.
no breakfast until this place blows up.
i didn't even have to stab him.
you animal!
come on, you decepticon bastard!
do you remember for one fucking second who i am? so?
for some reason, he's afraid i could turn up one fine day and pull out some of his intestines out of my guts. "
'biodegradable garbage!'
i'll make them suffer for what they've done.
(he whispers) let's beat him before his whore.
i don't give a shit if i have to do it again next year.
it was plumb dumb luck picking that stuff up out here... ...when you consider the million square miles of nothing around here.
let's wait for the fucking backup.
oh, that died a long time ago, archangel, when your kind laid waste to my planet.
so, i don't need to know who else might want to kill gary hawkins other than you.
milk with a whore.
kids are driving me insane.
we're gonna need someone to shoot the guards there.
except i... didn't want to destroy the world and kill them all.
you're gonna puke!
why did you tell brian that i was your...fuck buddy?
if we stay here, we're dead!
carcer tried to stab him in the eye.
it's none of my business, but what do you mean, you're a killer?
look at this buttfuck! he's got a whole parade of nukes.
so i took out the bathroom door, picked up his poor brainless mother, took her to the car, took her to the emergency room as a madman.
let me die with honor.
let's say some hyper-religious fundamentalist finds out... - that, uh, sister patricia used to be father paul- - and murders her.
and the moron jumped at it.
holy shit!
wholesale bullshit, she thought.
"i'll let you in, good father, your old bones will cut.
planet. (blow your own if you wish.)
it's not long enough for them to go nuts.
look how their little lumps are moving up and down.
if you make sen cry, i won't like you anymore, baba
son of a bitch!
to think we fought granny for this crap.
it must be nice... to have sex with a girl.
you think this is some kind of stupid joke?
crazy people are wild cards, they're very unpredictable.
"damn, she did good work.
it ain'teasy for an old fart like me to see a woman doing this job,but youarea good cop.
you want trouble, kalinda, you little brat?
you're gonna be naked, of course.
you are incentivizing killers, superintendent.
"do i look like a black pimp?"
"sucks to your auntie!"
you gotta hit them right out of the gate.
this one's dirty.
do it now, or you will suffocate.
i ordered longinus to strike his blade hard between nazareth's ribs.
he staggered on, met a fat merchant, and killed him for his pouch.
and trust me, as a secret gay, i've kissed a lot of magazines.
i suspected you would see sex uncomfortable.
getting rid of the worst house guest ever.
because your fiancé only killed him yesterday to save himself.
it's a huge pumpkin... ...with a pathetic moustache drawn on it.
'i understand your hatred, ananais - look at you . . . scarred, deformed, unhuman.
so dirty, but you know what?
slap the butt. okay,that's enough for today,gentlemen.
i know you got that bitch from the restaurant!
well, what in the hell else would it be?!
this man is a crook, give him nothing.
damn, it's a cowboy.
i'm living in goddamn juarez here.
you're a very, very bad person.
it's a polite way to say you look like shit.
i got a whole lot of majestic on my ass, nance.
a week ago you had too much integrity to work for scuba bob and now you're working for frigging drug dealers?
they fuck just like us.
what the fuck are you doing in bucharest?
it's a damn thing to say to a woman you think you love, and you know she loves you!
- woody guthrie "hey, trash, what did old lady semple say when you torched her pension check?"
you want to poop?
where in the hell was dwight?
if i say no, would you throw a murder on me?
"ridiculous...?"
you thought i looked like some kind of freak.
you lecture me on how i need to repair my relationship with sara when you're the one who messed it up in the first place. by screwing her!
police bullshit never fails.
don't you fucking dare!
these people make me sick... but the law's been broken.
rick? you think i care about that loser?
someone's on the roof. - shoot him!
you're funny and i'm just ridiculous.
that's why he's got the foulest mouth on any kid i've ever seen.
we should light a fire under his bony- - that still might not be good enough.
your dad is a tough old cuss.
"you're in one tearin hurry to stick your head in the lion's mouth, nicky."
think brunette's got something to do with being stupid. "
useless!
you'll freeze to death.
i just don't want, in case any bullshit goes down with the cops or your dad flips out of his head, cause you know, he likes to do that.
where in fuck's the water?
only i'm still dirty.
actually, i really want to touch her boobs.
because... i have an allergy of the faggot.
you’il break my arm.
it wouldn't work with a women's libber like you anyhow.
want to find somewhere fun to shag?
chuck has to kill him? you're giving him his red test tonight?
i'm sick of this shit.
i'll break him.
tongues, lips,...... belly, thighs,...... hands, legs,...... asses.
shoot the door!
she can't marry that ape from the essex.
think of the weirdest, craziest shit you'd like to see chicks do.
nine bridesmaids are insane.
i'm saying i believe you watched slumdog millionaire on a sticky couch in your mom's basement, but i'm not buying that you're indian.
his dark glasses were much less disturbing than the staring but useless eyes of the others.
he stabbed me with a badge.
hey, for god's sakes, would you just shut up!
besides, i loathe him.
you've scared the shit out of me.
killing lots of aliens?
i'll check out the clinton vulva.
"that sucks.
the poor woman has been shunned by everyone in this neighborhood.
just if you can throw your dead body on your own, let it be.
you can't just switch me on and off like a bloody lightbulb.
so when did killing become a business for you?
"so keep your eyes skinned."
begin to eliminate them.
it allows people to be real assholes what nature intended them.
did you see that shit?
oh, shit.
you're going to die in a tiny space, jake.
why do you want to go to jail and do a whore?
is it my fault my kids are useless?
the baron's blood and evil will be destroyed... by those he himself killed himself.
kidnapping a manticoran princess!
if i can get him to the cage, i can hit him in the mouth.
you're useless.
this is good shit, but not so good to see dead people.
it--it's taking every last bit of discipline i have not to kill everyone in here.
i'll clamp down on her and cry.
i fucked up.
it's probably just some crazy guy who learned how to make a bomb on the internet.
'fat, sparhawk, 'she said.
that's the same thing, jerk.
her eyes narrowed closely behind her ugly dragon mask, and her face hardened.
restraints. can't aim a gun at them and stab the mother at the same time.
pick your balls, son, and oscar mike, now!
so we should give you a bath.
sorry, frank, some idiot stewardess.
i hate that little shit.
then you will die, she, all of you.
let's get a stick and go and poke this 900-pound gorilla, see what happens.
he's crazy!
there was always a scissor man waiting for a little girl who sucked her thumb, always a bogeyman in the cellar.
you screw up and i swear to god...
son of a bitch...
it's the bride of stretchy man.
this guy is like a ghost.
what do you say if you and that handsome young man can have a threesome with me?
you'll be dead if you don't shut up!
someone do the shit, i'm gonna play.
i also killed kennedy, lincoln, and the last dodo bird.
listen, asshole.
give it to the damn cop, mom!
i did try to wake you, but if my memory says me correctly you told me to fuck off, mum.
you want to see him die right in front of you?
we're getting the fuck off this ghost ship.
we have to get rid of these hogs before the blood hits the bear.
"beats the black off me."
that's my pussy she's giving away there.
hell, if it wasn't for you, we'd all be face-down in the gutter with a cigarette for company and a... a needle for good times.
hey, y'all horny fucks wanna see a beautiful woman?
me, too, like a lunatic!
you wanna work 8, 10 fucking hours?
i'm sterling archer, i guess you remember me from the strip club, and i hope that even from what was frankly the craziest sex i've ever had.
do you want to have sex with him?
i'm a rubbish dancer.
i'll put it here, on fire.
god damn it, you gotta be there. you got to help me.
all you need to do is commit murder...... the real reasons for the right time.
would you kiss it or suck it right away?
so you can help me; if you do any problems, i'll slap you. "
he's a little man with lots of knives.
he's crazy.
she knows it was you, asshole.
execute, commander.
no dog ever gave me a blow job!
it's like a baby's butt.
i don't want you to say shit, i want you to answer me.
goddamn it, what did you do to my phone?
he degrades them too! yeah. men are equally degraded in pornographic films.
some species go so far as exposing their genitals.
they would get to see their former oppressors die.
"god, shut up, please, my big mouth before it's too late."
what the hell are you afraid of?
i know it sounds silly.
so that fool wants to be you.
listen, jailbait, i licked you twice, and i can do it again!
that sounds like a new age bunch of crap.
this guy may be crazy, but he's scared.
the bloody gate's ten miles from here.
rotten to the last screw.
so you are dull, after all
you spend all your time with your loser friend... ...planning a band that will never happen.
there's a crazy man living there, he's the killer!
what the fuck are we digging?
we're just human cattle at a slaughterhouse.
it's so beautiful, but it's not the silly beauty you see with other guys.
cute little bugger, isn't he?
could i betray my absent heart to save my pathetic life?
he wants to roll you in sugar like a dick churro.
i like to see some franchises breaking my record...... while i've got my arm wrapped up like a fucking tortilla.
but maria's guests had bastardy in their souls... perjury... adultery---the devil.
damn, it's cold out here.
we'll tattoo them in the eye.
"your genitals."
just because they double-booked doesn't mean they shit-canned us.
give me your leg.
so how long do you want to choke him?
and yet you're a fake.
rpg hit our convoy, and my fuckin' knee is shot to shit.
be aware of your father's sexual partners.
the best we can do is take him alive and break him.
i may have shot you down the first salvo."
what am i supposed to do with all his crap?
you're fucking cute!
then it's something we're not seeing, damn it!
or he was beginning to hanker for a brain sandwich.
what's this shit all about?
and i'll kiss you on your neck or anyplace else you'd like me to.
and he looks more like a chicken than a kid.
like, "where the shit?
maybe in judd apatow movie where clowns rule the world.
i've eaten their brains... and i've tried to cook a little.
hey, shit. be careful with that.
either you answer our questions, or we're gonna yank out all your teeth today.
"like a beautiful, but unintelligent woman."
you're a mole, henry, who crawled up out of a hole in the ground.
we talk about this shit all the time.
you afraid of big old tigerland, private fuckup?
but it doesn't matter 'cause brian screwed up.
she'd be tellin anyone who wanted to listen that vera donovan was a mean, sharp-tongued old bat, and crazy as a loon in the bargain.
and with that, he unzipped his fly and hauled out his manhood.
by the way, i've seen your mind, freak.
you know, i have a human vagina.
"stay in that little town, your lousy job."
slow, skeptical pathetic, even.
damn this.
i'm fuckin' talkin' to you, man.
she calls me "the fat scοttish cοοk."
and we know you used that gun to murder guy ingram. the hell are you talking about?
hello, stinky.
and if i did scratch... it's not because i was signalling the cop, it's 'cause i'm fuckin' scared shitless! wait a minute.
unfortunately, the other food was a classic american loser.
i've been in this case three years, and you're gonna come in here like a terrorist to a party!
regardless of how she looked, however, she still felt like a hopeless nutcase.
she's cursed and must be swallowed by the green water of the atlantic.
but neither gods nor men will ever compel me to let you turn casterly rock into your whorehouse.
no. it's more likely that someone found it in a dumpster or dug it up in your garbage.
we're gonna cut your hole.
you're talking about rainbows and relationships and crap.
what the hell happened to you?
are you fucking with me?
you want to tell me who phantom is? you're crazy.
a bullet in the torso might kill. one in the head would kill, but would damage the trophy, and the head was harder to hit.
sir, i can assure you... ...this place is locked tighter than a virgin at communion.
give us one slop and we will laugh at the king.
stubborn.
he'll kill me if i don't go to the pyramid before the sun hits her... today!
damn, you're so serious.
puss, puss, puss.
you have no personality.
we wash the body here and remove the guts.
this is not some fucking social occasion!
when brooke and jenny kissed, i thought, what if we shot lesbians, how do they do it, then put it on the internet?
"arse ticklers faggots fan club" - saying we're sorry, we couldn't get supplies from america - they ran out of stock.
they're both immature kids.
according to one version, she was a witch, according to another, a crippled bride.
at the time of the enlightenment, madness mingled with misery, laziness, vices in one and the same guilt-sense; fools were imprisoned together with poverty and unemployment, but in this neighborhood, with a propensity at the same time, they promoted themselves to an image of a fall.
convincing her that her mother's dead isn't gonna make her better, just miserable.
"crazy! look at my eyes if you don't own your own!"
we'll see what happens when they kill your family.
i'm just saying, you guys out there, listen to these words, my partner general, and i really don't fuck with you, he's a real general, scowcroft, because he said important things about war and everything.
and for heaven's sakes, don't sit like some squaw indian!
"we will take care of the castle together, for the general benefit, but beyond it, we all care about ourselves, and others may go to hell!
i've got fags.
isn't it enough proof for you, you dimwits?
well, baby, me so horny.
give ehrig the corpse, if you want, and what's left will leave your 'cousin' under the floor.'
it's completely fucked up, which is why i can't be around you anymore!
globalization and all that crap.
stop! don't kill him!
like aitken needed an excuse to be full of shit.
they say we've got to eat together and use the same bathroom as the niggers.
bank robbers and gun nuts aren't typically sex offenders.
yeah, all right, layton was a bit of a paedo, but not in a bad way.
the pope has called the devil worshipers and said god has commanded him to cleanse the world of these heretics.
it's no answer to why the biggest drug dealer in the city... ...is out on the street as free as a fucking bird!
he looks so surprised when it looks ridiculous.
after all the shit that we've been through tonight, i don't know how much more i can take.
the pig's head, which sibyila has chosen because it is cheap, attracts, say, a more interesting clientele than the three cossacks.
you've just come out of the hospital, damn you! why don't you stay quietly at home and rest? no.
yeah, killing an innocent girl is difficult.
if any of them escape, "he warned his followers," i'll gouge out your eyes. "
but we still haven't found the damn thing.
"you can honestly say you didn't kidnap her, rape her, murder her, anything like that?"
shut up, you two.
you know how lucky you are to have two perfect balls.
oh, don't get all sad and pathetic.
"little dirty-faced kid with a saucy manner? " santa always remembered the children.
and cadasil is a disease that... well... it's a fucking disease.
for, i cannot adequately express what pain it gave me to think that estella should show any favour to a contemptible, clumsy, sulky booby, so very far below the average.
two weeks fucked up.
we have confirmation that tony delfino was an asshole.
honey, this is a real big fucking gun.
only you can save your husband and your little girl. we will come back for your little fucking girl and she doesn't deserve to die, does she?
damn it, mr binford, i don't think that's fair...
annika, you've introduced me to a whole new world of butt games.
um, this sucks worse than when i went to that strip club without lois.
i'm going to die of internal bleeding.
that's my bloody ruby necklace.
why don't you shut up and step up? "
because they're pigs!
and remember... ...bud white will fuck you for this if it takes the rest of his life.
can you go in the final fucking moments and change the will? i...
and they fucked them.
i suppose we're both crazy, but let's try.
he's crazy.
why in the hell didn't she tell us about it?
they're damn guilty, and you know it.
new cap city is disgusting.
some rat i killed.
get out of my house or i'll have to fire you.
i'm not saying i don't give a shit about working with him.
look, i don't like coming up off of stringer or prop joe any more than you do, but, mcnulty, this shit is kind of weak.
if it's appendicitis, her appendix is bursting, she's gonna die.
yeah, he's a meth head.
they could cure that man today, if they gave a damn.
there's no need for you to kill him. lord 9th is your only enemy.
remind me when we find him i want to kill him.
you fuck better.
i am going to hit gina.
you survived training by being more evil, that you were bigger throats than anyone else.
where's the part where we rip their brains out?
we could eat it at cartman's house and watch his mom's dirty pictures.
they kill you, too?
'i wish i could fuck the simple daddy i met.
don't yell at women, jerk!
i'm glad you assholes came up in here,
you suck your life out of all these nice flowers.
the overwhelming majority of them suffer from diagnosed mental disorders.
because in the last analysis i knew it would damn them as utterly in your eyes as it did in mine.
you can't blame her. it's her pimp.
when you chop her up, she cries.
and before he reaches out to cry, he cuts his throat and bangs his pipes at the same time with his vocal cords.
i'll smash it up, you know.
after christmas, as they take me away, i won't shoot them.
and so she must be removed.
tell her to get the fuck out of here.
are these monsters going to kill me?
"you know, there's such a damned silence up there in the mountains.
the two dummies would never have finished college.
but my mom said if i do it, she's gonna kill me so i'm thinking about getting a tattoo on my butt.
i tore his arm loose of me and all but ripped it from its socket, and i broke one of his legs for good measure, with a kick.
if you cooperate, i may be able to put you in a mental institution.
how the hell could you do that to another person?
and he'll hurt you if you're a liar for them.
he's just using you. liar.
my whole life was a bunch of lies.
"mr. stuart," is it true that men like you, grown-ups and all, carry in-house protection for sexual intercourse?
do you want me to paint a hitler mustache on your wife's photo, or do you prefer to have rabbit teeth?
well, you do got a big-ass dick for a white boy.
do not forget who pays the rent queer.
i don't appreciate you nearly killing me.
the bullet probably ripped your liver.
in other words: his mental illness just broke out.
and your fat-cat client over there paid off a witness to testify against donegan.
you've only gained one thing - death of another one of your kind.
this sucks. i don't understand why jen's freaking out.
about a million people want to shoot you this month.
well, if you'll excuse me, i'm going to get drunk, and in 10 days, i'm going to find a shark that ate my friend and kill him.
i can do black.
shit, it's not my fault!
if you run, we'll kick a hole for you.
i took note that you called me "an old swine."
in 1773, a bank clerk... stupidly deposited money... and financed a shipment of tea to the american colonies.
he would have those fools off the street, too, if he ruled.
mr. fat man.
unlike your husband, enough to show him your tits.
i'm getting the image of a naked jehovah's witness bleeding by a dumpster somewhere.
what the hell's he doing here?
i'll personally put him on a plane.
you're just crazy out of love.
i don't sing with my ass.
truth is, i'm too tired to fuckin' argue.
my butt hurts the way she punched me.
you gonna blow them up, mate?
you're a little galloper.
son of a bitch!
just put your junk in the cup.
she's crazy.
last rat standing.
look, my perverted stepbrother set me up, and he said i was stealing.
the worm should be snared.
yes, but i hate her!
how did you beatthis blue devil of yours?
it's got nothing to do with your dumb stare.
you'll kill the insurance companies.
that he is old, the more the pity, his white hairs do witness it, but that he is, saving your reverence, a whoremaster, that i utterly deny.
where the hell you going?
wretched queen... adieu.
hey, don't be silly.
love is a bitch.
this is a knife murderer.
niibbliing the ear lobe, kneadiing the buttocks, and so on and so forth.
well, mr. herdhitz, your political opponent, the black beast of industry, the new man of west germany, is actually mr. hirt with a plastic face.
the triumph of christ-god will be the death and destruction of all of us.
did you fuck dean's daughter?
shit. hang on a second.
watch out, fat boy!
you have walked so long behind me, it was inevitable you would one day stab me in the back.
"put it down, blondie, right now, or she's dead."
he's not intelligent.
you stick that pipe in their throat, the next 10 minutes is hell.
you can't fuck around with this guy.
last night at jon stewart's house i saw one of those crazy guys in the militia.
didn't you also know some japanese thug... who'd act as our agent in japan?
you know, it's kind of stupid. - i just... - what?
stupid, but better.
swear to god, if you fucked up my car,
the russkies must be beaten!
private ovechkin has an infected leg.
you shut up and stanton made you rich.
whoa! that shit is strong. might be feeling some side effects by now.
because i bit you, you can hate me, but it doesn't matter how you got here.
there's this poor little mexican tied up on a horse.
all we have to do is clear the script from all this communist nonsense.
i wonder who invented sex, daniel.
we'll bury these guys softly and in a hole so deep no one will ever get close to digging them up.
he make everyone crazy.
koris, i’il throw my helmet in your face.
what's up, nigga?
you just talked a homeless woman into cooking baby birds for you. you're pathetic.
just the pussy i've been looking for.
he's going to detonate the bomb manually.
if they find out you killed a man without a negotiation, he's going to go to hell.
i'm going to attack you until the day of the election.
your source is 110% fucking peccable.
my timing always sucked.
i found your fuck book.
is it here, it's in the damn land?
that's green, you silly.
don't make me beat you up.
may it be reborn and cleansed in your name.
shoot!
because caleb is anything but mediocre.
"fools!"
you make me wanna puke!”
remember, i'm q and you're an inferior human.
i had my ass busted for three days because you said my friend killed sylvia lennox.
she is deregulating that body so that corporations can come in and just go to town on that puss.
i was worried about my dick and my rent.
you came back in this pathetic state.
we'll cut down some dumb vet who says they caught a terrible disease.
it was a lot better, she was sure now, than kid-parties, where everybody was nasty and stupid.
look, don't be giving me no bullshit about how you can't believe i don't know and stuff, though, okay?
your wife and daughter will be crazy.
the buick itself was strange, but our way of dealing with it wasn't much different from the way we'd deal with anything out of the ordinary: a trooper down - like your father, last year - or one who's used his weapon, or an accident, like when george morgan was in hot pursuit of that crazy asshole who snatched his kids.'
i could drum better than him and his backup vocals suck.
but don't ya know ya might have killed her?
any fucking thing?
this is bullshit.
if she's trying to kill you, why did she turn on the gas on in her own room first?
is det. nishi's wife dying? dammit.
animals are going to kill.
they're in fucking love with this chick.
you're depraved.
that was really a stupid idea.
and leave you here to hang?
just a clown.
"a gift for a friend of the fool."
anyway, don't worry about it. i mean, he's not evil. he's just a dirty old mummy, and he can't hurt you, because you're special.
i told you that you're an alien.
'well, i'd already kind of shitcanned the idea,' irv said.
yeah, well, at least you can stick her with needles.
i've got medicine for this shit.
strap electrodes to his balls?
yeah, bro, 'cause her father is a freak.
do i advise you to shoot?
she's pullin' a chunk of glass out of his skull, and he bleeds on her, and that's all she needs !
he was taking a shit, went for his pistol and i blazed away.
gina's in love with you, you fool!
for me to walk into a goddamn bar five blocks from my own and see this motherfucker sitting there drinking a heineken like any other person--
he exposed his fangs, and his hairy ears tried to grab something elusive.
do your committee members know... what the fuck is going out with the garbage?
get your sorry ass in here!
you're slutting around with tom now?
has the nerve to call me a boob?
you don't do that shit with your wife. - why not?
he came home and found a raped woman and screaming children.
you're the one with the vampire ears.
what the hell was that?
don't let me do anything stupid.
what the fuck is trojan horse?
no one likes a suck-up, terry.
soon i'm going to be flying over the armpit of the fucking world and i'll be thinking about you and your... and your chair.
in the pantry, cynthia sees that she and steve are both as white as ghosts.
this place looks like shit!
i, with a bright head and lively, and you... look like a piece of shit.
i don't think you're as black as you were painted.
of course i was a virgin, but i'd rather be eaten by vampires than to admit it.
when anyone speaks the truth, we say they're nuts.
this tramp is trying to tear apart our family.
chill the fuck out, lashawn.
if you have balls flying at you at 200 miles an hour, i guarantee you won't think of your friend mr. fritz at all.
jesus, rox, turn that bloody racket down!
i'd like to really teach that bastard a lesson.
'richard!' he yelled, laughing like a crazy loon.
its snout is longer, its teeth are like knives.
the way we see it, you've got your ass in a sling, your honor.
but if that thing is still important to you, it just means you're a real loser.
norma desmond's crazy.
you're fucking-- - oh!
a campsite for a hooker in the south at spanish lake.
but without your weapon, you're just a lowly hermit!
if he starts to lose it' shoot this into his nervous system... ...from the back of his neck' if you can get it there.
and what's he done with hoyt? fuck you.
you met dupree with a fucking librarian.
fuckin' brilliant!
sucks we're gonna go to prison, though.
just eat them.
you seem to have something with your ribs, your jacket's getting ridiculous.
i'll hang up your head and cry
you like little boys' tight assholes?
and i treated you like shit.
"only let the damned drow arise!" bruenor growled frequently, and at any time i was there, he nodded to me, as if to assure me he had nothing personal against me.
what the hell is wrong with you?
you sure as shitwon't see me swallowing my gun.
you get kisses from my bitch roxie in the ally behind sizzler!
shoot first and ask questions later?
it's gonna fucking change you.
shoot me down?
most of these animals are just sick.
jesus christ, you're like a fucking girl scout on her first period!
your wife has been mentally unbalanced for a long time.
shut up. shut up!
luckily when they kill people who steal from them, it's quick.
he can kill anybody without regret.
shit. get inside.
you're disgusting.
i sleep with your daughter.
he's also a whoremonger.
we're gonna be the best damn avocados this city has ever seen.
fool, please give me 24 hours.
i'll mark it, somewhere between killing demons and training for your midwife.
if you don't, i'm dead.
are you crazy or what?
yes, the devil.
i gave you the damn thing.
give me your guts back inside, folks.
we need to eliminate her.
my reputation will go to hell.
if you try to get past me, i will tackle you to the ground.
i hate the fucking van!
shut up and drop the gun.
you'll have one shot, okay?
take it in the back!
haku could die while i'm just sitting here.
you're cleared to shoot on the weapon or the shooter.
ooh, she's good -- horrible, clearly, but skilled.
try moving your tongue in the back.
now i'm getting my ass kicked, mr. rohr?
it stinks.
it's what you are, jason ― a killer.
dwight, where the hell are you, man?
shit, i remember one of 'em stole the movie.
you've got a nerve, coming back here. wanker.
yeah, it's me. - shit. i must be busy right now.
in recent years, homosexuality has thrived in several scandals, especially around senator larry craig, who tried to be a homo-sex with a police agent in 2007.
if a woman is kind to provide me with fellatio services... ...i'm not gonna dart out of there like she's an untouchable.
i want you to bite this.
i was betrayed..... .shut up...
you think i didn't hear anything, motherfucker?
'local scoundrel, truth to tell.
last night he crept in to kill the master, instead of himself dead.
and you are... 'cause you're dying in shit, roy.
hey, i was with the mayor, at the hospital after your shot, with these punk-ass thieves.
i got this crazy list of women...
we just felt like shit we were there, but it just slipped out.
i'm not gonna shoot ya.
like they were expecting to have to kill twenty or thirty people on their way from the airplane to the latrine and back.
stop fucking breathing on me!
you act like you killed someone.
...fuckin' spark's gone. man.
now, look, plan b. your idea. and part of plan b is you, garber, deliver that money... or i kill another hostage, you got that?
because i'm disgusting!
now, let's get down to the business of sucking every loose penny... ...out of mr. and mrs. average-knucklehead.
do you want to kill me?
"why can't a woman be a chum?"
i'd better toss the congressman into a cold shower.
and that bullshit your future father-in-law pulled on thanksgiving?
he just kept telling me to shut up.
middle of the damn day?
goddamn wiggum!
yes, so consider your ass saved.
ridiculous.
ignorant locals gave in simply a clear idea - and created a beauty.
"get out of my way, you pig of human meat!" she commanded him harshly.
you dream and fuck up your life.
do you have any idea how ugly you fucked me up?
you see his face? scared israeli son of bitch.
she's the biggest bitch in the universe!
he's a killer. he's just bad code.
ask anyone: i'm useless.
the witch, your sister, is on our trail.
does the word "fuck" still be used?
you've either jumped a lot or you've got a weak brain count. "
shut your...
i was thinking about this prince named eduardo and his lunatic queen.
i don't know yet, but i know mothers make them crazy.
these sickos are good.
it's not the blast cap i'm worried about, it's my damn fingers. stop your complaining.
i have killed the one who created me.
"peace with intact honor and all the diplomatic bullshit.
oh, shit. six months.
they're like all the rest of them, stupid.
it's like someone tried to kill her three times.
well, then, boys, the damn gargoyle will buy all those frogs of yours back for much more than he did for them. "
an open car you park in the northeast corner of "young and queen," and then you'll sit on your butt while i'm with the hostage.
come to think of it, the night we were together... ...he did spend a freakish amount of time on my boobies.
all the free shit, baby!
he was clever, cunning, greedy, and well-armed, but not overly courageous.
you don't want to shoot somebody?
you're afraid they might kill her.
damn, it's nice to meet you.
"he has even admitted he had sex with my daughter.
the bastards are coming!
i am not gonna have sex with chazz.
"fuck cedar knoll."
you took two guns that you wouldn't even kill a nigger!
this is like in the movies when insane shit happens and they still don't leave. no.
and he even sits through... ...those silly romantic films with me.
course he doesn't make any apologies for my mom or fucking
you're gonna move wherever the hell we tell you to move.
god help those poor bastards.
don't do anything stupid.
some losers who played a computer game for four years.
after the words, my beautiful bride took off the top of the bikin and threw him as a stripper to the side.
i've drunk more beer, pissed more blood, banged more quiff, busted more balls than all you numbnuts put together.
they fucking explode!
i've never had sex, and i hate it now!
oh, shit, i'm not that old.
you're a giant and in the toilet... there's a tiny little village burning, and you have to put it out so you can pee on it.
your failings as a son are my failure as a father.
shut up or i swear.
maybe he will die in the night.
it means you're not with us, and you probably screwed us.
mate, it's no wonder you can hardly feel your broken clavicle.
how the hell did you grow up without reading hansel and gretel?
"all i can say," said quinn, "is that he's a damn poor imitation of the real miles vorkosigan."
he admits to national television that he's a killer.
you okay, chick-ass?
who are these losers?
oh, you little indians, look out.
in italy, mussolini was done with garbage in the streets.
some lousy little thief, eh? '
ryan said he's a narcissist.
all right, the fool's gone.
just take this one and shut up.
we are doomed, we will be sacrificed to malmour.
i'll tell you, the last couple of weeks... ....i fuck and i fuck and i can't get any relief.
there's something worth killing in those canisters.
gonna need a fucking hiv test.
he's a liar and a sneak and he has uncleanly habits.
the guy has an emotional constipation.
she's with child when the mines dry up, so she becomes a thief.
i'll make a little hole in him, and i'll wear it on my neck.
shoot, caleb!
ok, nobody take shit from nobody.
and when he dies... the world will be dull.
they... they want me to be fat like that girl, so i'm gonna apologize to steam.
enough wolves in the world already... without a nice lad like you turnin' nasty.
it just seems absurd and ridiculous...... that i wasted all the time...... with only a man.
i don't know, breaking the rules, talking some shit, driving the judge?
self-centered maniac who runs 5 centuries.
you have really strong thighs.
miss jolene's a mean woman.
oh, shit, they did.
it's a strangled woman.
if you understand, i have to eat you.
your son brings us disgrace!
rancho, damn.
if we don't kill him, he'll wake up anubis' army.
there is only one way to win, and it ain't by killing that thing in there.
molly, i don't understand how you could... ..swallow this crap.
fuckin' high?
and at least three bullets in the belly.
maybe this buffoon will bring us luck.
tell the rest of your evil,killing tribe not to hunt us!
not fucking bullets.
tina fired at jorge, so i shot tina.
hey, artiste, how did you know it was a woman who painted the cock?
he's small. i didn't see him. i killed him.
i'm so pissed... he wants to spit on me.
well you know how they used to slaughter beefs, hit 'em right there with a maul... ..truss 'em up and slit their throats?
fuck him, i told you.
i was going to suggest the best way to prevent trouble, confusion or a waste of the taxpayers' money would be to shoot prisoners sentenced to wakefield.
maggots.
she twisted one hand and punched him in the face.
it's not long enough for them to go nuts.
well, i suggest you burn it and escape while you can.
find a spot on the damn wall and focus on it.
you got it because of the shit i sent to the radio.
shut up and drop the gun.
shit! my father left us. when i was 12.
what the hell?
the damn police want to talk to you about landon waleed and k-ram.
doesn't he have these awful nasty hands that look like pink sausage?
that fear, it will start to creep away and after a few days you're gonna realise no one knows shit.
calling me a murderer, a- a baby killer.
this place is a dump.
damn it, the keys to the store are on it, the register, all of it.
yeah, good. i'll be glad as shit when it's gone.
three men immediately surged past: two huge brutes in dirty rags and a third man in common dress.
kevin is the best damn detective in this city!
but then i found out that committing suicide in buffalo is useless.
you bet your ass i signed him.
they were supposed to bring big and expensive equipment to the studio today, and the stupid moviegoers said it was supposed to be between 8 and 11.
bjorn, get the hell out.
where have you been, midget?
good morning, we're going to make a dick.
that's just nonsense!
once you imagine your mom doing the obscenity with one of those freaks and you can look forward to sleepless nights.
and once, skeet and rooch put a dildo on his head.
what jerks put this here?
in general she stinks, thought william, as the maiden drew closer.
people call you up, you know, they ask you to make something beautiful. yeah, so some sorry schlep can forget that they've been treated like crap every other day of the year.
goddamn maddox!
come on, five grand, it's for a slap.
i'm a lawyer, and i'm telling you, you don't pay for the pussy.
it's all going to hell.
and then you waited for your ex-wife to go and you shot sloan.
damn. a day?
i was thinking of you...... and the ugly things i'll do to you.
and i'll hit you for 20 in advance.
i just know whether he's gay or not...... when you ask anyone who's their favorite teacher...... it's mr. simon.
i remember her saying he was anal like you, yeah.
i'm done giving you shit, and i'm sorry.
the boxers are dirt.
sounds kind of pathetic.
multiple counts, assault b & e. . . felony possession, grand theft fucking auto.
i've changed it a little bit... now the killer is gonna break up the body and let his victims eat them.
in this fucking town?
so how does it work with gay marriage, you take his last name or does he take yours, or ***?
robbery, assault, rape, extortion, drug dealing.
not from her butt.
you thought it was stupid.
like a real paedophile!
the little bastard picked it up to decorate his sceptre.
too damned late to call home and tell cathy he was back.
i lost a fuckin' tooth.
where's my shit, darlynn?
well, if you're so fat, the drugs are your only joy.
we're going to negotiate a false ceasefire, and i don't want your approach fucked up.
we can set off the fucking fire alarm!
have you lost the last of your scotched brains?
i'm hungry because i suck, okay?
you want me to make up a story to throw her off the track so that she doesn't know that we had sex?
save my bullets for the real fight.
it's the damnedest thing.
"i am afraid it will take longer to assemble the pigs," went on hernandez.
married when you were alive, and sold to death.
i was... chosen, i was, by racist italian scientists... in order to demonstrate... how superior our race is.
you're not very smart.
cuckoo, that's a ridiculous notion, but i think it's unlikely that the cat is a grandmother.
i'm sorry if i said anything stupid or stupid.
loki liar. "
you haven't even said sorry for fucking it up.
i want a heart attack instead.
if i fail within a week, i'll come and take my life.
never have i ever ridden in something so sick and revolting.
aunt hasina goes to the bathroom on a bucket right next to her tits.
he might have been so scared of waff just because he planned to let the men kill himself.
her panties. her head was covered with her panties.
she fucked herself up on her back, didn't she?
mostly because she has ugly knees.
you don't know what love is! fuck you!
puts them in his ambulance, knocks them out. just stay there.
don't even fucking think about it!
why are you being such a pussy about it?
none of your damn business!
i'm not gonna be here with you if you're not cool.
the traitor will come here.
show your tongue.
doke, that's fucking weird.
so he should have been sold to murder, and his princes and peepers enslaved, his subjects destined for oppression and contempt... and the entire kingdom for eternal damnation!
you have witchcraft in your lips, kate.
start the fucking show!
i love barney, but this ring thing sucks.
"don't tell me you're a witch too," i said.
marty, don't be such a dick.
she was a gadabout, but she's back again
you scared the shit out of me!
only you can drink this shit.
go to the next level, weirdo.
what the hell war is this?
take her away and set fire to her pyjamas!
oh, don't try to be hypocritical, okay?
the doctor has offended that a loser like zubaore...... considers him to be equal.
if he wins, he gets bones.
i'm a lousy... servant of god.
after more than thirty years of learning, he had decided that no one would be on his ass, and the winner was no one, and only fools thought they had the upper hand.
for $24 billion, we're broadcasting fools into the universe.
since the bitch would have spread her feet...... but only on satin!
no, not until rome is destroyed, shattered, obliterated.
shit! my contact lens! remi, why head back to paris?
don't be silly.
we have to make it stop. shut up!
smellmy, are you crying because you are sad or because your undergarments are lodged so cuttingly deep in your rectum?
shut up and listen, man!
hell, i thought you were some fuckin' junkie.
ok, next. - shit.
i know you're a visionary, derek, but i think you're being crazy.
rich and corrupt, like you.
i have a dick in my dressing room.
it seems to me that you are as useful to him as he was to me by this massive sack of filth and distaste called volse pinescu!
what the hell are we doing here?
you don't fuckin' listen.
i am sad to hear you are fat.
they're weird and crazy.
could somebody make a dick run?
"it was a damn series of numbers for me."
he heard a good deal about the whores in oraby, daisy and goldie and the one they called the burning bush.
you're foolish, john, don't make me remind you how expendable you are.
fucking, where's serpent?
get the fuck out.
i don't know what's more pathetic, the fact that i was actually struck by lightning or that it took three days for anyone to find my body.
no, i... don't be ridiculous.
i gotta change those suckers once every 45 minutes.
shut up! and you're gonna end up in either a glass jar or a plastic bag.
do you really want to shoot?
yeah, it's gonna look really bad if i rat on this man eduardo
you look like shit.
no, you're right. okay, fuck!
it was up to me to hit the ties to wadsworth, and hit them i did, much to the telegraph operator's relief, for i neglected to burn his shanty and murder him.
lousy choices. lousy movies, lousy men, friends you couldn't trust.
and if you've thought about killing me, then you'll find that some of the key components are somewhere else.
i don't know. maybe i'm just chickenshit.
fuck me, it is shaped like a heart, man.
"who the hell is he?" he demanded.
he aimed his sword at the former martel's poor subordinate and stabbed him.
will you shut your plastic poodle up.
the fuck are you looking at?
and i need to clear my teeth. so if you want me to go, you're gonna have to blow me.
i hear the japanese will bomb shanghai again the day after tomorrow.
"and goddamned dangerous," he growled.
you bitches underestimated me.
i hope it hurts like hell.
whose limp-dicked husbands have long since stopped tending their gardens.
there were stifled cries and one of them looked around as though for a gun to execute me on the spot.
"now i'm thinking more clearly, and i'm sorry about my... stupid... behaviour.
close the goddamn door!
if i have any of that crap... ..it's because you brought itto my house and left it there.
killed, i was told.
i said "hamburglar," because he's an outlaw, and that's fucking sexy.
if you came here to clown, you might as well leave.
i hate to break this to you, but you're also a bitch-ass white boy.
i got a lot of shit to do, okay?
if you leave them here and i'm gone, you'll have your head in a noose, and you'll be in a pickle.
so i slugged a few people.
i am not fucking interested.
i'm in a shit load of trouble!
actually, stop giving a shit what anyone thinks.
and suddenly he gets very tender, and i scream at him that he's mad and that his hypocrisy makes me sick.
fine, go aheadand let your wretched family starve.
i had to hit him.
whole mcgee business nothing but a catalogue of ineptitude.
everyone knows your mom is his whore.
only does your nut in if you don't think you should be here.
hello, little pig brother.
he puts the gallows in the square.
'two of those, fat monks', as you call them, are now tsurani prisoners, 'father corwin answered, and there was anger in his voice.
we could take them with us, but you have to give them a bath, they stink.
we'll see if this glasnost crap is for-real or not."
tony told me the fact that i'm normal is stupid.
i know it sounds stupid, and i'll think of something better than that in a second, but...
you're disappointed in me, and it kills me.
normally, i'd let you get stabbed at school, but today i have a job in the salvation army... when i'm done, i'll pick you up.
as i climbed over the fence, i could destroy them.
you know, it's a bit stupid of me, but we are in northumbria, hmm?
aunt petunia often said that dudley looked like a baby angel -- harry often said that dudley looked like a pig in a wig.
he's gonna freeze to death.
in my book, that's called a coward.
eternal damnation won't like anyone, not even you.
look at you! idiots!
will you shut up?
crapgame, we have our share, so we're leaving.
he was quite happy when borogravia destroyed several of the damned towers.
she looked at his hair and beard grey stables, and made up for them when they were black.
you're right, it's not a whore.
i know, i know, i know, i'm an idiot, but if you remember, i was a little naked and i was in a hurry to leave.
die, do you hear me?
except you sold the boat for bus fare. - i did. damn it.
"what a queer planet," i thought.
you might want to leave before i change my mind and let her beat you to a pulp with her tiny, ineffectual fists.
you're afraid that when you're 16, you're gonna be a bad bitch?
i killed my mother and a kid named jesse dixon. i thought they deserved it.
most of the jerk chicks in jamaica are dry.
we don't want to work with these butchers.
so you wanna go make fun of those ugly statues over there?
shit, my radio.
what the hell happened to you?
it's a damn shame!
your trackers chased my tree, your men chased my family, your shooter kidnapped my nephew, your rat insulted my wife, and you shot my tail off!
i knew if i painted 'dyke' on peyton's locker, everyone would think she was gay.
someone intends to kill a boss or a wife, but it's never going to happen.
that's rubbish, sir.
i'm on board for 15 seconds, and i'm about to kill myself.
what are you talking about, you stupid woman?
i can't believe i spent 400 dollars to watch you drown a damn possum.
you get your bony ass down here first thing in the morning... ...with a million dollars in folding cash... ...and i'll give you the greatest sword ever made by a man.
besides, one of you will die.
we have to destroy the ship.
with a gun to his head?
i just bought that fucking car last week!
i had a hanking for them.
i've had some sucky jobs here, but doing nothing sucks the worst. shh.
everybody shoots everybody.
are you crazy?
yeah, having a big crew sucks.
and you wonder why people lock you in a cage and fuck with a knife.
kenny, you have to tell us about hell! give us every last horrible detail!
lily... burn that book.
i want you gone!
"hit me, hit me.
oh fuck, that's my accountant.
"forgive stupidity of fanaticism," mr. tagomi said, at once moving to open the door.
did those silly fillies finally get into your head?
rabbits over 150 g shall be sedated.
wounded master vampires get cranky as hell.
i'm getting my shit.
i don't give a shit what you want.
why'd the jerk cross it?
it's like some of your spare psychological tricks, do you? shoot me to make me stay here?
you just talk shit to everybody.
i can scream and claw and curdle your blood
while often lumped together, gay men and lesbians... have less in common than one might think.
you shut your mouth.
and this horrible deed will be flown over the ground with decomposing men, at the funeral.
dammit, come on, let's dance
get off me.
look, the whore is here.
repaint these goddamn stairs.
puppy- killers ! so we're lying down !
"hey, you fool, i only have to run faster than my subjects," dominic said.
shoot an arrow straight into my heart.
i stayed as far away from those lunatics as i could.
what good is this shit?
kill him, benny!
what the hell is this thing?
attach cables to your chest.
"spoken like a true bean-counter," the troll sneered.
do not stand here and argue with me, dammit!
before kissing her, he'd have to wash her.
you fucking dog!
your signature on your account seems to be useless.
he looks like a duck, quits like a duck, and smells like sausage.
so you're gonna let them do it, or are we gonna catch the bastard?
crazy, he reminds me of mine.
"you just fucked with the wrong mexican."
your guts is all in your wallet and your trigger finger, you know that?
jack dunphy's full of shit!
we're leaving this damn cloud first thing tomorrow morning.
i can sit back and laugh about it now, but goddamn it, it wasn't funny then. you hear me?
i'm sorry to kill my uncle.
yeah, dumb ghosts!
i still haven't had a relationship with women, not to have sex with him.
i rolled my eyes at conklin, and i knew he was thinking the same: that bastard holoubek didn't waste his time.
after all the threats and bullshit... it turned out ginger didn't tell them anything.
it's going to be a massacre.
you've done the same thing, and you think you'll end up in hell.
the companion and servant backed away, so isaac and daniel would have a great view of the men's genitals, if they didn't cross a black lump of taut, fleshy flesh, airtight in three-eared shot like a cannon ball.
god damn it!
and there comes richmond... killing that sweet little girl.
during your entire stint as a he-whore... did you have sex with anyone?
i just want to look the prick in the eye, let him know that the tables are turned.
how dare you fart in front of me?
lieutenant dan was always getting these funny feelings about a rock or a trail or the road, so he' d tell us to get down, shut up.
the strong were brimming..... .stupid propaganda of the weak.
something tells me i should be flogging you.
mom's famous for her blowouts.
why the fuck are you here?
you probably feel like crap, but it's not.
what did your screwed-up parents do to screw up your view of parenting?
did you hear what i said, god damn it?
dude, i'd be so fucking dead without music.
you are in a bad mood. - i need a screw.
i didn't know the dork had it in him.
we were fucked up from her beauty.
hurt yourself again.
fracks drove around and threw beer at us and shouted "retards" out of windows.
she'il look like a young slave.
who the hell did you say that to?
which was ultimately stupid of him, since it would leave him all alone to face twelfth fleet when tourville got around to him, in turn.
live quickly, die young...... and leave them a beautiful corpse.
carter, this is the worst ideayou have ever had in your life.
they bobbed around, twisted their butts, and joked as he caressed them.
cut off her head!
we like greyhounds and fish, but we didn't really jerk off the hobbit.
i swear, i spend my whole life cleaning up other people's crap.
get some alcohol on this bitch!
you're pale as a ghost.
why the hell did you let them go?
i fucking got one.
so figure out a way to put up with our crap and get yourself another job.
naturally, they will be massacred.
i don't mean a dog, smartass, but miss d.
the damn thing's even being coached, which is perfect for today's fast-changing lazy consumer.
i can train him to shoot a poison dart.
i completely horny.
tess can't get the kid to take off these smelly clothes.
what a joke, moron.
if he hits me, my head will turn out like a watermelon.
something tells me it's not gonna suck itself, hank.
( 1 ) manikin’s buttocks, back and head resting against a vertical surface.
you find a mate, have children, then eat him alive.
he wouldn't even feel you cut his stomach with a sword.
if you would let him burn, he would spend the rest of our lives.
and they'll kill claire. you just have to get as far away from me as you can.
at least he'll see his knife in my back.
when they've killed off your whole bloodline...
and don't break the balls!
yeah, we're just fucking around.
listen, your husband cost me two damn good years over there
queens.
please call me when your balls grow.
they assassinated him.
you're big as a mountain, but you're a terrible scarecrow.
he'd forgotten that the dark-skinned peoples had always outnumbered the whites.
i'm such a klutz.
we'll be dead.
what the hell you want?
it's a fucking game, winslow.
what the hell is he talking about... thunder?
whores?!
if you're really a witch, now would be a great time to use your power.
i'll have one of my slaves flogged and listen to his moans.
you think those giant balls will help us build a defense case?
i found seven puncture marks high on the left side of my penis.
i'm going to die alone!
his buddy's gonna join us until he shoots everything.
he'll be much better when he sees your hairy face.
so long as the campaign's focus was on economics, schröder's government was a clear loser.
i mean... it's porn that can see you.
stop squawking, you twit!
you know how to shoot it?
i have to say i'm glad nurse collins is dead.
you have multiple counts, you got assault, be, felony possession, grand theft fucking auto.
haven't we bought this asshole before?
what the fuck happened, bro?
imprinting does not take long but the victim needs recovery time between prints--for she gets every damned thing that ever happened to him, bad and good: the time he was cruel to a pet as a child and his recalled shame of it in his mature years, the loss of his virginity, the unbearably tragic time that he goofed a really serious one--all of it.
and that i came back and killed the wounded taliban.
yes. - lazlo wants jimmy's head for killing janni.
you watch that hairy eyeball spencer, this lady's been through enough.
i can barely cover my own debts and... fuck!
you ain't say shit back there?
it was just such a stupid joke.
i put the gun in my mouth and fired my vast knowledge out of my head.
you know, you should really get him in one of those after-school programmes instead of letting him run all wild and shit.
all right. but you get something through your skull, too.
then why don't they shoot?
i never want to see you again.
when they die.
michael hesseltine finds it very useful to have a monkey slapped around when he's angry.
"an anal ring and epitome intact," i said, noting that.
and lazy!
i took your life and tried to return it to you.
there's fucking lights too.
kimmie doesn't know anything because she's weak.
pussy's sacred work with energy, pulao is a spicy rice dish, and i'm pretty sure you invented the last word.
i'm not a fucking ngo!
this whole little walkabout with these pills in mexico -- a lady like you doesn't deserve that.
no one would dare throw plates in the hallway if i could hang you in the office with my ankles, right?
all the sexy girls in the skimpy-ass costumes, man.
in fucking movies?
now it may appear in the picture that i'm actually looking at the camera lens and smiling with the penis in my mouth and giving a thumbs up.
and your education - just three years on fairleigh dickinson in teanecka, also known as "total ridiculous." did i forget something?
the only one who ever didn't pay me to kill someone was the american army.
trout, meager, half-beak, worm, scallop, sharpshooter...
just shoot there, apu!
go smack him up and you'll get your shit. man!
okay, if you leave now, you can get there by lunchtime, mid-afternoon at the latest. um, fuck.
they'll go to the slaughterhouse if you tell them they're gold.
i hope you have a nicer place than this shithole to fuck your wife.
wait a minute who was that freak?
let's fly with balls, not like in an art movie.
well... and believe me, mexican food makes a fuckin' mess.
get outta my goddamn car.
i swear i'll kill her!
golden hand used to bullshit that '93 was the worst year in the history of the serbian nation.
me locked up somewhere or dead.
how the fuck can anyone live in new york and not have a single percocet?
and my breasts?
at last peter marlowe gasped, "for christ sake, shut up."
wow he's so pathetic.
you're running around like a little effrontery.
just wanted to crush them.
wait mak, are you want to die so badly?!
"try again, dog!
he had a shit fit last time.
three days, then you get your ass back in betty ford, or wherever you were.
she was like a winged bullet up there.
man, without chairs, toys, or food, the beach is a real son of a bitch.
watch your step, fool!
he will toss a bomb in here.
you gotta abort that gopher, nance.
we cross our bloody fingers.
ladies and gentlemen, the tall guy who's headed for me is a pillar of local businessmen... and today he confided in me his stupid plan... to honor my girlfriend in a very uncomfortable place.
what the fuck! ?
if you can be killed with money?
son of a bitch.
he was one of those who killed your mother.
damn, man, i-- i don't know.
'shut up, william, 'ubertin said, smiling,' you're better than your philosophers.
the execution will proceed.
and the other thing is that ralph has heard that my hunters are useless. "
you pinched her behind!
god damn it, susan.
you hostiles are supposed to be kings of the jungle.
and we listened to you like dogs!
shut up!
love is useless in your 90.
i can't be an incompetent schoolgirl.
a real gangster.
i keep seeing you and d’argo and aeryn dieing horrible deaths.
attention, naked old people.
dude, i'm fucked.
listen, you piece of shit, my wife is pregnant and we can't keep running.
"maybe some fool is listening to everything we talk about.
so, knowing our brother, this was a mission to silence and slaughter.
if i call you next december -- if i call you next december -- you're gonna be so happy to hear from me you're gonna do a goddamn backflip.
why'd you buy this giant clown wine?
i have a few names from vice, douche of prostitution.
i know it's probably wrong to fantasize about giving a nun a karate chop in the neck, but i couldn't help it.
a nurse with really big boobs that works at the medical center.
here. wipe your face.
that's a firing squad, and they're gonna shoot gribble?
i know you're killing your husband.
our guy's gonna crush you!
she grew up as poor, learned to play for a whore without a net, you know, the whole thing with mocking the rich and everything.
please, if he finds the name, i'll knock it out myself.
go, you fucking globetrotter.
when i visit religious houses, i do so to urge those inside to cleanse and purify their corrupt lives and doctrine, or else they will surely be destroyed.
what's gonna happen next is, fire department's gonna come down here and kick our asses out.
shut up, we're putting out dinner.
hey, denal, good job frying that bounty hunter.
your pecker. soon as you take a look at these snaps i took of your boy dexter morgan and his gal pal on some kind of middle-of-the-night boat run.
well, i saw the one guy, the dumb one... ...he had his name spelled out on his belt.
hence the diversionalry tactics of the dramatic variation of motherfucker.
"i want you to stop talking nonsense!"
what about lundy's fucking pad?
dietricht, the misfit, would be eliminated.
i was just worried my friends would be even more disappointed if it all fell apart. like things usually did for them, 'cause they'd always been what you call total losers.
i think you should kiss him.
please tell me you didn't fall in love with this simpleton!
"gods, i reek for both of us."
crap and a lot canliking your friend da ponte
i just wanted to screw with mitchell's head.
"not only can't you make a movie where you'd show sex all over, "you can't even talk about sex all through it."
because her new boyfriend seems to be a huge dick.
yeah, why don't you guys just tie your dicks together and get married, right, rooster?
these are the kind they put into computers ... that could put a cruise missile up the ass of a camel ... from a couple hundred miles away.
we'll shoot back.
you took off your boat then, bullies.
are you crazy, man?
(stammering) i'm gonna get some air before i tear your head off.
fighting's a mind-fuck.
i thought you said you wanted to go get shit-faced.
by killing that man, you've become as guilty as he was.
get that shit in the bag.
it's just... i happen to know that you kick ass out there, and you worked very hard to get to where you are.
they want to cut off my hands.
but you're gonna have to watch me with the gun. i'm not gonna go out there with that fucking dog around.
you can walk through life, so miserable.
do lesbians have their special sushi?
yes, i'm listening, bastard.
it's like a freaking cop anthill out here.
you need to inject me.
they just sentronon to give her the shot.
i'm gonna take this pass, and i'm gonna grab one and beat it out of him.
no, fuck that, man.
shot thea tooming, toomas s nijärv and tiit vaher w th a gun
god damn, i'm a father.
ah, shit. - think they're here 'cause of the girl?
god damn it!
man, this bullshit theory about there being a bloodthirsty killer on the loose and we don't know this guy is the same guy that killed the other kid.
he smelt of vomit and fear.
not another soldier shall die!
not that he can't be killed.
those hookers that we thought were girls:
okay, first, shut up.
they've been dreamin' about that shit ever since they were little girls.
i'll investigate your shooting.
you ruined my life!
throw them into the dark ditch!
this, my friend, is an embarrassing gold slug.
i want his fish head an a platter for what he did to artemis.
damn, stifler.
you are out of your mind, your majesty.
your beauty is maddening.
a crappy old lighter is not a sucky gift.
deunan, will you not let your mother's death be useless?
you killed her.
he's a professional killer.
i don't know what the fuck that means.
word is you've been kicking it with that white boy that raced donny.
and nail up any bastard that gets between you... ...and the roads and the bridges and the schools... ...and the food you need. you give me the hammer and i'll do it.
let's go! ...teach that fucking jap a lesson.
who the hell are you?
let's get rid of him right now.
he's gotta kiss her.
my god, it's gonna kill him!
god, you're making me sick.
"i walk the cross, and i wish to be crucified," i said as calmly as i could.
do you have dirty hands, alexis?
he raped her?
rock is a lifestyle and a way of thinking, it's not about penises and popularity.
'joe, damn it, we don't have time.
well, that's what you're gonna die in.
you make it up to your daughter, and i'll lay like a sack of potatoes.
you expect me to believe this skinny bitch is sally from cincinnati?
who the fuck is this, tone?
she thinks a woman who wants to live alone in the mountains is crazy.
this is an earthly thing that is too much to bear with you, you blasphemous blasphemer!
daniel, what the hell are you doing?
sometimes it's easier to call someone a fool than to face facts.
damn, that hurts.
if this shit spreads, henry thought, both terrified and wildly excited, if it spreads . . .
just when you think boobs can't get any better... butter flavored.
ordell feels way too hot for him to bring in his money... and he knows you're watching him and he's fucking paranoid.
what the hell is rahul saying?!
it's a fucking bakery.
you can't learn to deal with this shit hanging over you, right?
you look like sissy spacek in carrie.
you're useless to me as a dead man.
hey, he's my property, dickmonster.
he's too weak, and he's too dangerous.
no offense, i'm just saying... don't fuck up.
with more time, they'd have bombed the shit out of england maybe even won the war.
you have to lower the water to the bowl, or you'll have to put your balls in.
well, i got serious shitthat i'm dealing with too.
but my guess is that peter quick is sitting in a public house, at this very moment, toasting his poor silly sweetheart who took the punishment for his crime as well as hers.
but... we had weapons to kill it.
well, i'm beating you up.
then i realized i'd rather fight with you than make love with another woman.
that's for nicking my railway cable, thieving little twat.
some fat cop dropped in behind me.
as far as the wounds are concerned, my sister has a better shot than most of them.
what the fuck you doing, man?
loud, dumb, and enthusiastic.
are you really asking if i'd kill my brother?
you don't even know how to fuck a girl.
you think it was cute that he was jerking off on your pictures?
oh, it chills me... to think that they almost killed your little friends... looking for some daft treasure map.
it's not a fucking secret.
if you ever want help, call me. or your dead.
what the fuck is going on?!
yo! i'm the one with a fucking gun here!
darn it, i can't find the receipts.
oh, damn!
and, you know, you always hope that next guy will be some loser... not the president.
they kill her?
so knock us out.
"or blow him in the back."
till they beat him.
i'll make the scoundrel buy you a new one.
i'm going to write dirty words with suncream on people's backs.
then your fucked-up buddy jumps on me.
black as hair.
hurt me knuckle against his mouth.
please, just shut up.
careless bunch.
oh, god, i'm so stupid.
i'm warning you if he gets hurt by some narn, the retaliation will be bloody!
i only have a monkey in a country that's a drug addict.
how can you be so sure your two idiots couldn't find it, and they didn't evaporate?
damn it, get him off me!
dad, i can't even kill him.
why were you standing there, staring at me like a zombie?
i'm dumping evan's ass for lunch.
so when the virus takes out the machine... it could kill her too.
now lock the door and give me the key to your neck.
"i don't know wh- damn, i only slept for three hours in the last day and a half.
what the hell are you talking about?
bite it hard and bite it thick.
they won't be fucking with any more cops!
he's got an apparel penile around his neck, and he looks like he's laughing his dog smile.
and even though he was saying nonsense, it was nonsense.
except for a silver stake in the head.
you don't do it to white people.
until we go to school, keep your mouth shut. don't start again, or you'il get what you deserve!
i saw your fall on tv, big clown.
an ugly gray mass writhed in easily; in fact, there were two brains, one human, perverted, and the other - a stranger! the brain of a vampire.
and i know that sounds dumb, but it's something that we have to do.
i wonder how many nuns would be raped.
i'm fucking steel.
shit, i left it on the stairs.
you feel guilty because your son is a murderer.
she always thought you could do more than skate around that darn pond.
you're immortal and bored.
do you think when i met a real man like jack stuart, i would have given a single look to the effeminate speaking, like you?
and even after she left he just stood at the front of the class crying like a total pussy.
it's a simple killing.
he's a weirdo.
besides, i despise these nobodies who offer their neck to the block.
i had no idea your girlfriend was such a janitor.
she knew she couldn't refuse, or i'd shoot her.
he killed our damn tt!
i'd do it, but i pulled my back... out humping your mom last night.
up comes a couple of rats.
and when that happens, there won't be any of your city bullshit.
at least they thought they were cops hold on just a damn minute, are you trying to say cops did this?
when she sees you after this, she's gonna love her pussy.
you ain't even italian.
the thing of it is, lieutenant... jimmy mcnulty, when he ain't policing... he's a picture postcard of a drunken, self-destructive fuck-up.
yeah, man, plenty, but it's all fucked up.
now go easy on the garbage truck.
pity your mother.
little girls passed by endorphins who just want to have sex.
he screamed and felt the heat of the dusei on him, their firm comfort, the foolish irrationality of her confused minds.
i thought you were only good at hitting on girls
a mexican midget?
he'll find your weakness, and he will destroy you.
it's a good fucking hook.
son of a bitch! he kept smiling that damned smile. he made me watch him suck the meat off my fingers.
damn it, john, i want some answers and i want them now!
"then they fuck up a little bit more, and then they do it for a month or so..."
pay up or fuck off!
i'll cut to the wall and back.
it smells like a dead goat.
are you crazy?
i'm gonna drive it into a wall.
they could have sex.
you had ought to tell me that—you and the rest, that lost me my schooner, with your interference, burn you!
when the, uh, little boy's in the womb, the door in the floor is a... vagina.
though he still had a few remote contacts in the port and warehouses, all the rebels he knew, all the black traders were killed.
i've been out here two months already, busting my ass every night.
i raised the spear, and i had the taste of a calm and terrible figure to kill.
like your assistant, whose job is to carry your puss bag.
when i'm down with the posse or home and shit... and everybody be screaming and yelling and shit? it gets real lonesome.
you've got shit, man.
don't go to a woman like that!
"so you're hanging around the galaxy with those..." he said with a look of disgust, "with your fucking friends, you don't even have time to put flowers on my grave - you'd have a plastic, you'd have guessed - but no.
i'd rather fuck.
do they have these, um, balls for young men?
i'll hang you with whoever i want.
uh, really fucked up the sullivan interview.
you knock them dead... you sing your heart out, you bring me back that publicity...
"i got aids from you."
he's home. i'm screwed.
it's all bullshit.
look, i'm just saying that real cops don't sit on their asses and don't think about whether or not the suspect likes to play bingo or eat her chips for breakfast.
your brother hit me.
i've seen indians act just like that.
then i'll get rid of your brother, and then i'll find your friend in a suit!
not for this shit.
why does it always end so fucked up?
it's not so long ago...... what the medical community has defied homosexuality as a malfunction.
the members of the band he controls come from all parts of the world, and they're a bunch of scoundrels, you can bet.
you know shit about this town.
it sucks, but it's just a fact of nature.
"the old madman attacked me!
so maybe it's a stupid idea, but what have we got to lose?
what kind of shit?
paul, you dick.
he's not the same kiss-ass he was seven years ago, lynne.
called you a murderer.
that miss winthrop, she is so beautiful, and i hate her so much!
kay-- - i've killed eight people.
you notice there's not women gone wild, 'cause no one would fucking by the wild women dvd.
benjamin: bronco and vanaya began their assault on the yeast factory, but the yeast patty bronco had previously eaten started to make him feel like crap.
it was the ugliest, most useless old tree i'd ever seen.
you're gonna win this shit, man, the cat's in the bag.
the fact i have sex with virginia with no plans to stop.
finally the fat man released his fingers, letting the toddler make his way to the package that lay torn open on the floor.
calls me the fucking devil.
i'm not depressed. -bullshit.
and, they would kill him before he discovered joker's world.
evil down to their black hearts, which pump not blood... ...but a vomitous oil that oozes through their veins... ...clots in their brains, which causes their nazi-esque violent behavior.
suffice it to say, he's a very bad man.
someone gave him rat coffee.
shut up and listen to me.
well, we'll pick them up on the way, and i hope you got us a real jumper pilot, because i don't trust him, and i can't fly the damn thing in a straight line.
this is bullshit.
jean-claude gave me a choice; he will either kill richard or i will be with them both.
it's completely useless.
maybe it is, but we're in the car, on our way there, so stop your bitching.
what the hell are you smuggling?” he cried plaintively.
he took the body to the center of the whore...... cowering...... along a white tape that separated the power closet and from there...... threw a body seven feet into the center of the base line, where it was found.
shit, nigga, you at least 30.
mostly i'll be pressing down on his abdomen to release gas, or " fart him."
what the hell do we do with a guy in this place?
guess i finally understand why mom put up with your shit for so long.
i hate where you stand with a gun and i have to do the looking.
the filthiest thing i've ever heard of.
you're crazy about her, and you do nothing about it.
you shoot me, you have me thrown in jail, and then you have me freed.
look at this clown parked right in front of the hydrangea.
gangster...
"what the hell," finn said.
he's got the fastest boat on the whole damn river.
do i have to remind him to die?
that's bad, you ripped your ass off to your teammates.
well, we have to... we have to get him vampire blood.
but only to prove to you that i can take one limo ride without crazy max shooting off his mouth.
one, zip. she's a liar.
her mouth was stuffed with a gag.
he means you, majesty, that you're sick and you need cutting down.
she's got no heart.
you're gonna destroy this place.
you're a disgrace.
they're in black.
i don't want this shit in the house!
i helped one of my friends this morning. we killed the pig.
but, you know, his place, it sucks.
he cried out in despair, and he really wanted him to be dead.
are you crazy?
"well — this is so stupid, i'm sorry, bella — he wants you to break up with your boyfriend.
he had a damn good teacher.
the irrelevance, the little speck he's.
you fucked it up in belfast, and the man of god died because of it, one of my dearest friends.
lily, you have a little hair caught in your crook.
i feel like one of those women who marries her rapist!
my brother's gonna go crazy.
if i say okay, will you close the fucking door?
liars,...... shy, but subtle,...... zigzagging,...... and very capable of plotting...... behind the men's backs.
maybe he's just good in good movies and then acts crazy in crap to make drug money.
put the damn gun down, now.
loki, kill the tesseract or i will destroy it.
you better tell me what happened, or i'll tie your dick in a knot.
his penis size ten matches the fingerprint finn found on the gel pad at the crime scene.
ridiculous!
everybody shut up!
you wipe the rim of that bottle, i'll knock you out from my present vantage.
cletus, my nipples crack.
all right, if this is patroly's principle and we're part of patroly, if they find us, then they have to find us as we are working our way out of our way to get out of here without help, and not to sit on our fat asses and wait for them to pick us up. "
don't fucking tell me you never actually talked to them?
if she was my wife, i'd be crazy like a maniac and call her name.
you're supposed to kill my wife?
damn me? too late.
shit, you fucking kidding me?
shut up, noah.
i want to bring my sad and pathetic friends with me.
"i'm through killing," the big man said, tears pouring copiously down his cheeks, softening the hard and dangerous look of him much as rain on a windowpane blurs and softens the view beyond.
the truth was, he was basically useless.
we were surprised that you turned into a loser like him.
go out with your left leg!
they are considered useless as a broken machine, a crippled horse, or a cow who will not milk the milk.
it wasn't to giambi. giambi's the worst first baseman in baseball.
that kind of sucks. we're not even done shooting, and you're just taking off?
he declared his ultimate goal is lorne's death.
the blocks from the black blokes don't bother me.
i'm sorry i'm such a rotten mother.
what... what are you... are you crazy?
they killed him somewhere else. they just threw him out.
why do you go for milk when you have tits at your house?
yeah, it means your friend alison was a psycho stalker... ...who wouldn't take no for an answer. okay?
"smoke!" shouted jakli, waving the dark (but utterly useless) wings.
i hate the ripper.
there is a public interest in making him look ludicrous, as there is an interest in hustler expressing that he is full of bs.
i don't know; smuggling a balloon bull of red paint into a hotel and sneaking a big ass rifle into a convention are two very different things.
publish or die, in your case, only die.
hey, hound dog.
hey, little pig!
belansai, was it your intention to kill me, or just to wound me?
fred... you're a big banana.
my man in the warden's office says they gonna be putting your ass back in general next week.
if you don't want to see her dead, then beg for forgiveness.
arty's in the jerk booth in back, number four.
then there lived a lazy queen, sarah, his wife.
i'm saving mine up for all the good shit thas coming my way.
"a pervert!" the leader gasped.
you jews are so clever with money.
your mother's so tough.
speaking of work, can i put what i just assume is your rock collection on the stupid train?
then we'll let the lab explode.
fu-sheng, finish him off!
where the hell did he get this?
you drive me crazy.
do you want me to do it with your mouth?
i shall destroy your happiness, if it is the last thing i do.
oscar will have a speech...... and i'll tell the press...... that my "homosexual of the year..."... and his partner have won.
there is still a way to destroy her and her death to prove that he is the guardian of god's law.
you got that right, you son of a
his flexible limbs will shoot him right on the front page.
damn you! you don't know who i am?
"before hell."
you think i'm the most arrogant, most selfish man you've ever met.
he was a simple killer of children.
you screw up, you'll be flying a cargo plane full of rubber dog shit.
i think it's better if we shut up, mike.
don't fucking lie to me!
shit, it's raining.
what do the men fuck?
people who could exterminate them or save them from someone else.
he tried to kill me.
it's the double suicide of the father and mother you are - please just accept it - which you loved.
can't have a bunch of old, pregnant bitches running around.
shit. i'm a member of the sierra club.
but the day is long and masturbation is fine, and so if we don't want to shower five times a day, we have to have options.
you are such a liar.
shit-brick, come on.
you hit me, you get mad at me, just don't hurt toothless.
we were the best damn fighting unit in north america. and they threw us out on our asses.
rivers of blood. hell on earth. quite charmless.
i can't let you cut her leg off.
he's got to do something drastic or he gets into some crap, like the clock tower, with a sniper rifle.
would you mind telling me what the hell is going on?
let's die as heroes. we'll freeze to death on a bus.
then we can have lives again. you just want to roam around the woods with that wastrel peter.
and i expect you to be honest, 'cause you don't give a crap.
jesus, lady, just how fucking low are you willing to sink?
yeah-ho-ho, try the life of a thief.
it doesn't matter if you killed anyone.
they have investors. they have shareholders. shit like that.
you must have really gone crazy.
to be clear, honey, we all make mistakes, but... you took a crazy man, and for the same reason, you divorced him.
bad rank, old man.
shoot the faucet, you kill the chicken.
every time i think about my son, i'm gonna marry this snitch's mother.
why don't you suck it, why don't you suck it?
this is what i want, baby, hit me.
and if you want to know the truth, i think you'd be a damn good ruler and a conqueror.
if iggy sees me, he'il have a heart attack.
if there was this guy, there's a good chance he killed orlando.
black unit.
he shot tugo, got fat jack and killed our best man.
he stole your father's gold and your killer.
why don't you two lunatics get lost?
so you had... sexual relations with my client, both in person and on the phone, right, mr. murphy?
when sean fills up a profile and a questionnaire, is there a folder where he can find out he's a proper social jerk?
an epidural is a proper christian woman's only chance to get wrecked.
"and then bring me chicken parmesan and say, 'why are you so fat?"' (laughing)
officials, supervisors, supervisors, accountants, and generally a crowd of parasites from a better society were around the hammer, supervisors, accountants, and generally a crowd of parasites from a better society, but as well as asking them, they couldn't hide their primitive animal nature.
brian fucking d!
men of the enterprise, cut them off!
you know, i wish i could say it was just a damn lousy fate, but... i don't think i can.
you go on that debate stage and try to win that debate by going negative blow to negative blow, he will fucking destroy you.
my brother's a depressive maniac who's always coming to drop his medication.
ever - it's the first time i've talked about it, you know from the dead parents club meetings th i deeply regret having sex.
murderer!
who can kill us.
it's bad enough to take you down... but if the last thing you see is a fucking scottish psychopath, it's a bad luck.
aw, shit! we got less than a minute.
when a soldier is plucked as a child... and raised to know no other life... he'll kill without question and die without complaint.
fool.
we'll beat him up together.
it ain't my fault your little bitch ass boyfriend keeps on falling down stairs.
you took on that woman's pervert son.
i'm shellie's new boyfriend and i'm a fucking nutter.
damn, what did i do?
hey, shut up.
i just think it sucks you guys think you can do what you want.
he was not sane and he was on death row.
the father has a gun abominable, the mother has a lazy womb.
so you 3 didn't kill those archaeologists.
if you don't answer my questions, shut up.
maybe if we review all the deaths in the last few weeks, we'll find the ackermans as trash. "
damn! the days go on and on.
i didn't fucking do anything, baby.
you clowns think this's fucking like some big joke but it ain't!
he was caught and executed.
despicable.
i told him it was over on his goddam bed.
i thought this was a shoot-them-up.
melt in your mouth.
a really ridiculous cup!
you're an asshole!
he needs a gun.
destroying that ship with people on board is the last resort.
"what the hell for?"
we got pictures, asshole.
oh, shit. speaking of which, what happened with you and nate last night?
it had been a fool's errand in the first place; he had been wrong to let himself think something might be hidden in the cave.
i know it's a pathetic cliché.
elron's a hopeless incompetent, so melidere was able to deflect his sword-thrust.
i smoked a pack of cigarettes on the toilet, a fat guy in a bunch of wheels wanted to touch me and my friends...
why you telling me all this bullshit? you know, kenny, i admire the fact that you're trying to get back to the majors, but you gotta stop prancing around and start playing ball.
and that dress is ugly.
i'll knock anyone out of my way.
what the hell is wrong with you?
hey, get the fuck away from her.
“i think the church should be digging wells and putting street children into school, instead of leaving them to work as prostitutes.”
i told them to order a kidnapping yourself.
you bust your ass in this restaurant every day to keep it going, and if anybody deserves a little downtime, it's you.
she stank of blood and spent adrenaline.
arthur will be dead within the week.
a blasphemer!
you know you could kill someone.
thanks for taking the bullet for us the other night.
i hear he asked for your head on a stick from the mother.
said they were going to pick our bones clean.
you're the same restless devil that you were in the indefatigable.
god! i can't believe you would whack an old woman over the head.
a, because miracles don't exist, and two, because this pain-in-the-ass priest will do anything to keep his church open.
i'm sitting there in her bentley in the dark, right... ...in front of her goddamn office, trying not to let anybody see me... ...and ask me what i'm doing.
just throw him out.
and our honorable death!
now why don't you get the hell off my ship?
if he's too strong or if he bothers you, let him bleed again.
i got so fucking mad because i realized that was going to be me when i got old.
they didn't want the french to look like fools, and you know why they didn't want the french to look like that?
death to the king
i have a tendon from my ass in my knee and i don't want to test it.
can you tell me one goddamn thing about that woman? yes.
join us and live in peace or continue your journey and you will be exterminated.
"she is nothing but a poor desert waif and she rode shai-hulud.
come, my executioner.
you should pick me cos um i'm a fucking people-person.
come here, you little shit.
the witch wants you all.
satan has become an embarrassment to our progressive views.
i believe if we die we go to liverpool.
in soviet union, only after two days can scumbag talk to lawyer.
you can take that fake apology and shove it right up your hairy...
"he shoots four times and every bullet is thicker than your thumb.
"the point of using a noose while masturbating is to place pressure on the carotids," i explained.
we should point out that we haven't received any official comments so far, the ugly tentacle came out of the ground and wanted to urinate on my genitals.
get out of the fucking car!
he isn't a real yakuza, just some sleazy amateur.
"that's ridiculous, shannon," said caslet's astrogator.
luckily, i made enough sense to drown this baby in the river.
cruel he might be, stupid he was not.
killing me softly meant something to her, and look how she ended up.
you know how fuckin' humiliating that was?!
all the members and alumni of the school's guild of assassins at home have such a mirror, because it would be a terrible insult to your sacrifice if you were not properly dressed in killing them.
michael, why are you speaking pig latin incorrectly?
he'll be a political joke and you'll be a slap-bang.
why don't you throw me to the lions?
you're like a little scottish pussy!
he was acting like a crazy goat.
yeah, cut the crap, mountstuart.
"you're evil," the watch says gruffly, unzipping his grandfather too quickly - slothrop jumps to the side, aiming his traditional kick in the groin, but misses, but he will be able to kick the gun out of the way, and närrisch is so ready to throw a shot at her.
simultaneous with the idiot sounds from the radio, suddenly yul galenski cried out in terror from his ante­room office.
your daughter is out of your mind.
he could be right behind you, and you won't even know it 'til you're dead!
i think it's still broke. - shit.
the voices were about fire and hell, and about who was going to be eaten next, and some crazy woman was laughing, all the way from stelle's goosebumps.
what fucking job?
you poor, defenseless little widow.
just like when mr. flowner used a credit card to pay the whore and then use the card number to stay in st. regis, how long has it been, three months?
you're out of your mind, aren't you?
her heels clattered on the cobblestones, and the sound echoed against the nearby wall of the pig.
so these stags can use guns?
you... you're nothing.
okay, okay... and then 'fuck' em when they find out...
you declared our client guilty and you said mr. gardner is a notorious liar and that he should surrender because he loses.
i'm a terrible fool to dance, maybe some of you will ever learn.
you couldn't even let her spend an evening with your friends without sneaking around like cat thief.
to torment you on the final days before the execution.
k dog till he dies, baby.
'who are these mad old men?
we're gonna have to kidnap him.
10,000 worth of good glass and then 250. fuck.
my cockle.
i'll fucking have him!
that i felt bad enough to tell you that you were a lousy fiancée.
a hundred thousand global dollars to whoever kills that kid from anvil.
ig shrugged, and turned his pointed, rat-like nose towards him.
and if you don't, i'll make you watch taylor and your unborn freak baby meet a very painful end.
there's nothing more we can do about our shoot today, okay? it's fucked.
when a victim gets suspicious, he starts threatening her husband for beating the shit out of him.
you're getting too damn personal.
what... the hell do we have?
how the hell is she going to get me a task force?!
you know, when washington got wind of this dirty cop shooting that grad student, we had to step in.
let me tell you something, you little black girl.
secret shit.
you're letting him hang, and i helped you.
you haven't eaten today. you're crazy.
what the hell are you doing?
kids are stupid!
there were manty ships in that mess, but its co had to be a grayson, because no manty admiral would let himself fuck up this way.
and when i read it, i'm gonna fire a single volley of gun shots in his honor.
he got kicked in the head by a horse when he was a kid.
bullshit, the cia doesn't have that technolo--
"i give you until the full moon to order all ironborn scum out of the north and back to those shit-stained rocks you call home.
shut your fucking mouth!
it's the best i can do for now... ...so let's all try and keep our shitoff the floor.
what the hell is going on here?
i need you to give her a spanking 'cause she was talking smack to sandra, but i need to explain it to her first.
get the hell out of here!
ignorant frightened villagers doing god's work.)
sounded like sick animals are vomiting.
and tonight he's walking out onto my stage, in my hotel, and he's ringing in my goddamn new year.
all the fucking money i give him.
dad says pastor bruce was washing her brains.
she was a damn good cop... who displayed exceptional bravery,honor and devotion while keeping the people of this city safe.
cut them off in that order.
tell me if you killed seigel and i'll give you his location.
all right,that bunch of thugs that you call a team up there is showing their true colors for the whole world to see.
i don't want to understand it. - you're dead!
but when i die, i would like an honourable death.
i don't want to talk no more about that stinking business.
i thought my soul would be damned to hell, after what that honey tongued man did to me–"
cos speaking with my mother makes me happy, silly.
what the fuck are you doing with my fucking horse?
i'd destroy you.
tell me how i'm supposed to help you, cos you kept this goddamn thing a secret.
of course i was eager to find aahz, but i rarely had a chance to fuck up a couple of extra hours.
you're a hard man, but you ain't no wife killer.
did you check out the garbage?
"no, damn it.
putting him to sleep is not the same as throwing him in the mouth of hell.
i want you to have a gun with you.
heather didn't even have that asshole's address.
but clowns are absolutely immune to the poison.
we can't let this horrible man live!
"so you found the filthy rat.
it stinks worse than a garbage truck in august.
not everyone is a racist white man like you.
beer, sun, and naked girls underwater.
i'm drunk, bitches.
very often they sing like fucking canaries once they're in custody, john.
she's neither dangerous, nor a lunatic, and you know that.
i had two pieces of your fucking birthday cake!
i'm going to show you how to rub the gas bubbles out of your wife's stomach.
on the stairs lies a dead white rat.
i needed a goddamn magician.
i'm sorry you had to be on her own... she's crazy.
but if it's just a gun she wants, why kill all these guys?
i fucking worked.
why the hell are you spying on my wife in the cemetery?
you stink of reefer and booze.
he raped you?.
you can't be that stupid.
that man, he screwed anything that moved, fixed elections and took us into vietnam.
they were "giants," they said.
and 'star trek's' mr. sulu, george takei, will be signing copies of his new book, 'warp speed, damn it: the complete rants of william shatner.'"
best spray yourself with something, one sniff of that explosive and she'll burst into flames.
and i will hunt him to the ends of the earth.
i wouldn't lie to you, big dick.
ho ran kim decreed that we should die tomorrow.
carme, if i tell you, don't you go crazy?
this time it was ashley instead of hugh who went skyrocketing toward one hundred points, enthusiastically helped along by ronnie, who dumped the bitch on ash's hapless head at every opportunity.
trolls.
rico on the field, cut him to pieces.
you're not the only one trying here, and hutch isn't the only one with dirty money.
you shouldn't have, it was stupid, but i'm glad he did.
this shit's bigger than i ever thought it would be.
it was a mottled grey and extremely fat . .
"the captain would have my ass if i killed you, so just answer the question."
i ain't got no pussy, no underwear, no chance.
don't you smell a criminal, sir?
lodovik trema looked sturdy, but not fat, a 45-year-old with a pleasant ugly face and fingers like sausages.
"so there are people who know how to resist the whores?"
yeah, she's driving me fucking nuts.
the terrified receptionist obeyed him as a dangerous maniac and fled behind.
don't fucking do this to me.
we're gonna put it right in theirface... ...and then take it back, just to break their fucking hearts.
you want the rags they killed him?
what a pitiful wretch i am!
any worship of this god includes bloody victims, or eating children.
it's my stupid back.
what the hell...
200 fucking years, he's never going to be able to discover his wife's real nature.
you dump trash on me, you go out of your way to get detention, steal my backpack.
there'd be a major international shitstorm if a rescue attempt favored washington.
damn!
"it's a damn miracle you're still there," bejaz observed.
davey's out of his mind.
and her mother is jayne mansfield, so everyone knows her breasts are real.
look, i don't know what the hell you're talking about.
well, little sick dogs pull at my heartstrings but certainly not trophy wives from australia.
"oh, shut up!
kissing my boss's ass?
you're an orthopod.
yes, dylan, this is a stupid idea.
he was in a fag bar, dancing with a guy.
you ever think about, uh, you know... fuck no!
in fact, i had sex with him two hours ago.
look, i fucked up. ok.
he's all twisted like a pretzel.
hank, did you enjoy having carnal relations with gloria penalt?
the fact that you think that's impressive makes me wanna vomit and weep for you.
the light from the oil lamp was shining on the steel between us, at its height, my low, and useless.
aw, sugar butt.
up in the tower magrat elbowed the fool in the ribs.
you're no fool, miss grace
the last 1 5 seconds we're just gonna let them down and suck the air.
do you wanna be a loser the rest of your life?
who stinks?
she looks like a freaking alien.
you punched me in the face.
i hate you so much.
yeah, but taking a pill just so you can fuck? i mean...
the knowledge that i'm giving you this gift... this opportunity to transcend your everyday suburban existence... and have sex with a fucking rock star, thereby giving you a story... for years to come, that's the fun bit.
shit! lili, sorry.
they're gonna lock up this twat for 100 fuckin' years when they catch her.
we'll stick our sword to tywin lannister's ass, and then we'll go to the rudou bastion and liberate ned.
six-year-vet patrolman lawrence burke sprinted out of riverside park onto west end avenue, only twenty feet behind the speeding perp, some biker asshole in a harley shirt.
it was my ass hanging out there.
and if you can, get hit by a car.
i don't want to hurt you, but if you act like a crazy weed, then i'll have to.
oh, shit!
they are wicked people!
even if they fuck with you, this is your last diagnosis.
where the hell is your father?
they're in las vegas and they don't give a shit. "
i'll split this doofus in half.
oh, how gay. i mean, great.
'i am happy to be led by a white officer, offendi.'
so these freaks are gonna be beautiful corpses?
i fall off - and he sits on his ass and drips when he's round.
they... their spirits are fucking nothing if their bones don't get back home?
as soon as he took over, he doubled the fucking drop.
cal, you've got an ugly face.
dick theodopolis. welcome, dick theodopolis!
or maybe you're just some hacker thief who stole my research, and this is just some elaborate ploy.
but if they were going to kill her, then why not do it with a weapon?
what if he doesn't kill frank?
the worst monster you can ever imagine.
thank you: he's playing a lot better football - sorry, kick-than-thou. and sixth: you're a bit of a freak, rich.
that wasn't the damned altavar computer i sensed on medusa, it was the mind of this other thing!"
there's a cursed city inside the walls, expanding from boston to washington.
oh, come on, it's just a stupid play.
each of those things was different - but ralph thought that, in fact, the items were exactly the same: the inaudible, pathetic voices of the people cut out of the game in the middle of the second act, while they were learning the role for a second act, while they were taught a role for the third; people disregarding the dissent, before withdrawing their duties; people whose only crime was the bad luck of being born for the fall, and that he caught sight of the ugly madman with a rusty scalpel.
let's split up her share and get the fuck out of here.
a few years ago i'd have cut his throat for even looking at her.
oh, shit, guys, look.
a good body with a dull brain is as cheap as life itself.
"i suck as a bodyguard," he said.
your son craig ain't paid his rent this month, and i'm about to throw him out on his ass tomorrow.
i heard carter saved your ass with science today.
what the hell is a redeemer?
i'll be burned by fire.
he'll be dead in five seconds.
susanne, line up the retards.
he near about put sookie in a body bag.
i kept hearing my father saying "don't fuck it up, son."
phil, you're an animal.
what bullshit?
because men are insensitive.
how the hell did he get caught?
here's eileen, my very first fuck.
he scoured the obituaries looking for women of a similar age then he dug them up and he flayed them.
you see that shit?
shit. get a car.
"oh lord' this damsel oh my lord"
you don't rank me and you don't have pointed ears so get off my neck.
because getting ramse killed can't be the last thing i do here.
oh, dick! you've got money in your shoes. ooh!
damn, i'm good.
i'm gonna hit the sack a couple of times.
from the moment jeremiah had stopped taking his medicine, he did not begin, as igor waited, to babble and shout things like, "crazy!
plenty of vultures out here that'il pick your bones clean before morning.
this case is a disgrace.
damn new phone.
you're saying that mr. blonde was going to kill you, then when we got back, he was going to kill us, take the satchel of diamonds, and scram.
hypotenuse, doodad, bodacious.
damn it, rennie, slow down!
i'll throw her home.
achilles was a champion liar, and when he decided that poke would die, he began building up the lies that would surround the murder -- lies that would get poke off by herself where he could kill her without witnesses; lies to alibi himself in the eyes of the younger kids.
it's my restaurant, and i'm asking for fucking help.
how do you guys do anything in addition to the kind of sexy stuff that treats me like a lick of pussy?
i don't need riley's help. shut it.
faggot.
what the hell is wrong with you?
that little brother of your can kick well.
it's gone, no fucking here.
you done fucking brilliant!
of course it's a fucking joke, man.
yeah, the little son of a bitch who's working for her.
we can do this for good, or your newlywed takes a bullet.
next time, when it is not a drill... ...they'll die if necessary because that is what their duty demands.
and then he killed him.
i've got enough engineers to tell us what they can't tell us, i don't want to hear that we're not pilots, i've got enough monkeys.
sorry, but you can keep this garbage.
what the hell is going on?
you have an as crazy mind as them, da vinci.
they made us out to be a bunch of wimps!
that casey's crazy!
deena! get your ass out here!
punch me!
"clean it yourself, lady," and i'll twist her nipples.
why the fuck didn't you tell us somebody was in the bathroom? slip your mind?
not too many blacks or whites or anything else - just... too much.
you fucked me up so many times.
at least i'm not a bitch who slept with joey on a third date.
i don't think i was meant to sit on my butt. "
cut that thing off.
no, i'm staying in because frankie wilde's at the right-hand bottom corner of the tv tonight doing the fucking hand jive.
pratt's afraid he'll talk, so he'll order his relocation and get him killed.
you ask one lady if tyler perry is with a wig, and suddenly you're a criminal.
put it on your neck.
jimmy's always yapping in my ear about what a crappy job we did raising him.
i think i can. goddamn guarantee that.
and it was bad for work, and it was bad for her, and it was bad for you, and i feel like shit about it.
"we were going to strip you naked and tie you spread-eagled, but cassandra wouldn't let us.
if that was you in there, i wouldn't give a shit... ...if you spanked your secretary or fucked the nanny.
``i'm not letting a crazy woman and a dog drive me out of my home,'' he said.
who can go with him? - shut up.
whoa, "kill shot"?
so the selectors shuffle five grand, and he can go murder.
the most dangerous are old males - loners, which they have taken from a pack of younger and stronger rivals.
or until they're all dead. i don't care.
so i decided to hang them up.
i see bud because he makes me feel like lynn bracken... ...and not some veronica lake look-alikewho fucks for money.
don't be such a fool, dolly.
don't talk about my breasts as if they were your toys.
but the fun was that we were the worst skaters on the whole stupid trot.
you know, the little one under your coat is gonna suck on you in a minute.
and on the third hand, i hate both you and ron swanson.
james, do you copy? -fuck it.
"i just want to make sure you're okay with this"? damn it!
better watch out, old pal pox, or i’il turn you into little pork chops.
maybe he'll be dead by then.
find them and destroy them!
that... long, hairy, red and black bastard i found in the ammo crate.
damn it, it's gonna happen, guys.
you mustrt hate the germans
he laughed, and tal recognized that the man was absolutely insane by any measure.
i told you to get rid of her.
there you are, thieves in the dark.
and the best thing i could do for myself is this... set tables and delivery of garbage, for the talians, who would just piss on me if i was on fire.
france has never meant anything to me, and now it is literally a murderous place. "
i've been waiting 10 goddamn minutes.
i always remember that, you know, because it's my name... and 'sissies'.
yeah. it's called having balls.
brother killing his brother...... will kill his father, who will kill his own son.
"hood knows we took more than our share of work when they sat on their butts and chuckled.
'rubbish! 'said alice, very loudly and firmly, and the queen was silent.
last week, there were some people after each other for garbage... wrapper wraps, coffee cups, and empty chips from chips.
who would want to kill him?
you coming here, with your dick in your hand... you got nothing!
you must be like a wolf pack, not stupid.
he smells like crap.
you're so bloody stubborn!
what's going on with her? well, when she's not in bed or worrying about absolutely everything, she's eating raw brains.
mike, when i was in my third grade, patty banning was calling me a creepy hooker.
all of a sudden, it's good-bye successful dermatologist... hello psychotic diplomat.
to rob and murder people. - voice down. how is that equivalent to me being a bad mother?
when i was 30, i already had mules, syphilis, twice a drip, three times chlamydia, a fourth-sex disease, an itchy penis...
you didn't give a shit, so we tried to destroy him.
poor sons of bitches, thinking their dad's a decent guy.
shit, it's burning! hey, just close your eyes.
it's good shit, right?
did you see that? ~ jerk!
who the hell knows what that is?
me? crazy?
so, if i kill myself, you ' ii take care of my dog?
lucky for you, i don't mind being made a fool of.
"the officers fought like devils, or they'd have torn him away.
like he fucking doesn't know where i'm at at 8:00.
you're lucky, tex, 'cause you had about 10 seconds left before i ... ooh! shit!
your balls are blue!
soothe the fucking nerves.
all my life and everything i did, it came from a family and a home in which they were all women, and it came up to the thing that some woman says i took a shit for her.
it's a right shit hole.
we have not come to terms with sauron...... unfaithful and damned.
your brain works with old software.
are you using clingfilm from a bowl of dog food as a condom?
they nail me for the works - not just the people i did kill. but even lucille and the girls that roark and kevin ate. and even goldie.
why would jackie risk coming back into the country - to kill a high school science teacher.
besides, i don't think i want two scoundrels, my nephew is my nephew.
turn that shit off.
david williams must think i'm a pathetic, desperate freak!
gedman was a personal kill.
that face was all that was left of the poor demented soul who had been used as a focus to create the monster.
what the hell?
then when dumps it out, the skunk sprays everywhere and garbage guy has to sit in that stink all day?
a fool's wager.
in turkey, it's a fucking accident if you're innocent.
what the hell is he doing there?
i'll shut you up!
there is no one else for them except a fat innkeeper... ...who only remembers his name because people shout it at him all day!
i don't know what dumb obsession he fed you but i can tell you this... you'll never give me a bad conscience about your father's sad or wrecked life.
"hartman, your father was a loser.
jack was now sucking the pail in his neck at regular intervals, but only with a little relief.
you want me to cut you?
faster and faster the balls whirled, more and more of them coming, it seemed out of thin air.
you will be seen as a treacherous woman and judged harshly.
doritos, i'll never get sick of you.
he's not my friend! screw his girl and your window!
a hollow-point bullet.
i'm going to go crazy.
let's punch it.
the ox will be slaughtered for the wedding.
damn! there's been no contact with the sub since then.
why are you staring at my breasts, peter ?
disgusting...
are you out of your frickin' mind?
the imperial troops have no part in this foolish uprising.
that's sort of pathetic, pilot!
you might even set fire to the fire at your shrine.
it was a proper kill, end of story.
but killing the beast, making the world a safer place...... for our family.
i don't care who that man is, take him out.
her thesis is probably on how to be a rat-faced whore.
"i'm tired of breathing male body odor."
she had to die to be.
can't you put a knife on her?
looks like we got another nutcase.
"back when the players tried not to be" "dirty old men."
"do you have a terrible, zooming disease?"
and you're gonna be fucking sorry for letting me go.
you'd be cranky too, "mr. i'm going to memphis-graceland-tennessee," if you were stuck in a town where there's nothing to do but bumper skiing and chase bats... every night of your evil fuckin'g life.
bobby, this is sailor and lula, two newest losers in an economic field.
your father must turn in his grave.
it's fucking payback.
with a simple expansion of the chest muscles i'll blow up the hook!
you should fucking sue.
are you crazy?
this submarine is a disgrace, especially for men with your service record.
get out of the way, damn it!
i'll tell you when it's too fucking late!
find you a puppy to kick?
oh, hey, captain cold's evil sister.
that's a shitty neighborhood.
they're useless pawns in pan's game.
you better give me one good reason why i should trust the two of you and not kill you right here on the spot.
pissed his pants
the cops either caught 'em or killed 'em.
he'll be dead in an arn.
they grew fat and lazy.
what has happened to me? he wonders, but if he's a raving lunatic imagining all of this, he really doesn't want to know.
get the hell out of here!
he's not my friend. he's trash!
what kind of shit is that?
black man driving a stolen cadillac in the hamptons?
maybe you want me to make you wear a ball gag in your mouth.
son, said rawlins, i dont give a shit who it belongs to.
gentlemen. this is the bandit queen.
i'm not gonna look at your panties.
she's not fucking me.
crazy people, living under a rock, don't know wings.
what's the fucking problem?
do or die.
coward.
it was druss, minus his black and silver jerkin.
and if she keeps on looking, they produce an extra protein, so deadly that one drop on the tip of an arrow could kill a fucking rhino in 2 seconds.
johnny, i told you before, if she so much as mentions my fucking name, you pay.
just porn? - yeah.
maybe i'll just sleep with you.
god damn it!
don't you think we should sit down and relax... find a better reason to shoot me?
did you see the size of that wretched thing?
"someone i thought would welcome him only when i cut his sword through his body.
you're dead.
other cigarettes don't smoke, they might burn you in the neck.
what the fuck♪ are old ladies listening to this or what?
damn it, what am i?
when god punished me with such companions, i have to take them all the way to death.
what the hell is it?
if those chaps had just half the equipment of the jerries... i could've made that dam look like a swiss cheese.
are you threatening me, dick?!
i was sure you were dead.
i saw you dead, for god's sake.
what the hell is wrong with you two? - look out!
until i fell in love with a jerk.
you slaughter them, you take their money, you insult them in the face... and they like you.
blackmail you.
you must be arrogant.
"it's all right for you to love carescria and keep your damned sexy accent and even brag about the place.
you're a dumb hick that knows how to steal.
"so that's how it kills them?
bullshit, "after the contest."
i'll tell ya, she is so single, she just did a body shot off of herself.
i'm going to flush him down the toilet.
you're hassling me for riggs: shut up!
well, let's get to work, vagina.
hey... shut up. why don't you tell us about your friend here.
he ran over the length of the blade, scorched, burned, and ignited the water and metal and shot them in one.
you know, you should probably shag or something, boy.
he's crazy!
but we need to find out who this pervert is and clean up jimmy.
you know damn well i don't.
goddamn it! krieger says he saw a bunch of clones!
i'm dan stark... idiot.
there's poison in that tribe, and his name is phillip.
and he returns with poison... ...saruman's poison in your ears, theoden.
it's witty, but it's kinda goofy.
you're so fucking smart, fix that tv.
shut up! - you can call my boss...
stop tapping, you pussy.
i didn't come five hours... - i don't know! to not get my fucking money!
go and get those tickets, you filthy dog!
those who have promised to wipe your land from the face of the earth and destroy western civilization.
i guess you know...... you've done much better than i deserved for a poor thief.
phone's useless.
burn those buns, ladies!
help me drag this dutchman into the kitchen.
this is taking fucking forever.
he loved the fuck outta you, sookie.
he's practically a corpse himself.
don't be bad to me, dad, like freckles, or the bad and old nanny.
the damn bad luck.
get the fuck out from h front of the tv.
good slave now, ever since you gave her a good beating.
sxounds like a stripper.
i promise if i get one more warning, i'm gonna burn this place and move to the caymans.
when they open their mouths about richter and his car... he'll grind them into the meat. what's up.
and jorge and memo in the farmyard, they caught on to the damn net.
varys, littlefinger, my brother... worthless.
not only are you living with a cheater, you're just like... pretending to be a lawyer even if you're not.
not when he denied threatening sando, not when was talking about the truce. he's a criminal.
christians and muslims believe in a heaven for the just and a hell for sinners.
come on, damn it. come on!
mr. teague, the next time you come up with murder, i want to see a dead body.
it's this flimsy-ass four-star restaurant.
never touch a hmong person on the head, not even a child..
wait, did you get their heads blown off?
“johnny is one of the few men with balls in this town,” she said.
your quest will be useless.
what if i refuse to take this trip if i refuse to take that old rough cross, you're gonna threaten me with a fool again, just like i couldn't stop crying willie when i showed you how the mountain, the real mountain, looks, and you didn't find the courage to help me?
i would if i fucking could, edie!
he's got hair down to his goddamn shoulders.
unlike me, you're just a mercenary.
you want i should spray some of my jerk off on you?
i have a better shot at fucking a penguin than that girl.
those are my fart babies.
the king of hell will see you now.
they are weak.
we'll hunt you down and catch you.
"for goodness sake, keep that brat quiet!"
you're incompetent!
meredith was the pedophile choice to brand the role of head of the company.
my mother left me when i was three. fuck my mother.
and you did a damn fine job of it.
did he tell you he was a dirty thief?
today, a pervert. he hid it well.
really, bitch?
you killed two men when you helped me.
these lessons suck.
behind closed doors, bet she sucked cock like she was stealing petrol.
i want off this damn island already.
so, uh, what kind of shit was he talking?
i want you to destroy conan with this doll-like robot.
humans kill caesar!
i don't want to complain, but he was nasty.
»hell and damnation, sorka, i´m sorry i dumped on you.
go to destruction and destroy the world!
'didn't know!' idiot!
get inside and helpyour sister... clean up the goddamn house!
you guys wanna smash...
the most important thing is this: when they all start shooting, shoot in the same direction.
now i'm your fucking hermano.
penetrating trauma to the abdomen.
africa is full of professors in search of tribesmen to shoot sociology courses.
because that's one seriously demented vendetta against one harmlessly mediocre student.
now, when i turn off the light, make a woman out of her.
the fat man didn't get the size of all king horses by leaving out the most important meal of the day.
my wicked cousin ernest.
you hung around close to a year, you ain't learned shit... you made no friends, no contacts.
you're talking to your baby about sex,
maybe you were in a mental institution and killed someone.
you're out of your mind.
that awful, disgusting movie.
when you're in the city, you never see a cop, but here, they're like the fucking gestapo!
this isn't a date, dummy.
you hit them to shut them up and then forced them to play along with your sick delusion?
you two cut the shit.
you've killed him.
you can't have her maimed.
it looks like you're the dirty cop.
i like a nice chat before i go to bed. now all you do is read that bloody book.
queens.
i'll take your gag out later.
those guys are walking around with their heads up their asses.
don't fuck with my hair.
haley had her first boy over today... and phil shot him.
you don't know anything, shut up.
you son of a bitch!
"eight million pages found in the word" clitoris. "
he looked a little like a pussy, but he was a little short.
destroy robinsonfamily! destroy!
so tell me, why do i do this fucking tv show... if i have to make movies?
no, jonathan, no more useless trinkets.
"do you not belong to this nasty cult of north dakota?"
their stomach will explode.
you expect me to rot till i'm 60 in jail?
"he was ape-shit."
now, you could have waited saying that before i was fucking seated, huh?
i will be in your affairs, what i will be, and when the time comes, i will show up at your side, and together we will kill the great traitor gul'dana. "
i don't want to wake up with ink all over my boobs.
i mean, you are the brains and i am the brute.
well, because we need more lawyers like we need more big, white moby dicks.
now, you can either come with us willingly or i'm gonna knock you the fuck out and carry you there myself.
or maybe even have a bath in his blood?
she has male and female genitalias.
the darkest part is purely black
he had such a damn soothing voice.
we go find simon and drag him to the ship-to-shore radio and beat that fuckin' code out of him.
you had a sex sandwich with his wife and his sister the night he was sent here.
because we needed a mother and not another friend to get fucked up with.
carrington wants his head on a platter.
that speech of yours... was reckless, impulsive, damn near insubordinate.
you have a lame job.
what the hell was that?
yeah, he sure is ugly.
women let men make fools of them.
the thief held a knife to his throat.
they'll send shauna to prison and they'll send me back to that shit hole!
kenny, you have to take a shot at the gun before ray shoots us on the bataan death march.
you fucked up my family, you almost killed jack. why would we want to go out with you?
before it goes down, i will beat you
they know our disgusting secret!
third fucking man.
what the hell is wrong with you, guys?
"they're making fools of themselves," she said.
my dumb-ass, frankly...
what the hell?! come with me if you want to live!
gonazon 18.5 mg implants for bitches
i'm sick of being such an idiot...... going to my place, my business...... and they think they can command me.
your grandpa was just a poor peasant.
car alarms, the cashpoints, the blacks, the pakis, the jews...
now, will you please shut up so i can work?
upstairs with the family whore.
mr. speaker, sir, if we ever get out of this shit storm... you can hold me for insubordination.
how do you know i didn't break into this house, set off the alarm, and now i'm stalling by being upset about the indian guy and have actually stolen a bunch of shit, raped my mom, and you people have done absolutely nothing about it!
then i get your mom to marry me, and i dump her at the altar!
kick my butt up and - shout
i heard that we're going to eliminate the separatists.
selfish bitch, aren't i?
most of us don't have much respect for a prostitute.
and don't be so pathetic.
get them out of the country and throw them in!
only person that lived here was an old hag named liz, and definitely no nate.
i've got to show them i'm not fucking around.
not his first fumbling, hurried, uncontrolled eruption on to some girl's belly or into her pubic hair, but the first pumping of salving semen into the hot core of a groaning, sated woman.
sean, fuck.
get the hell out of my house.
and i have no interest in seeing more men die.
i need a sample of your urine.
i'm gonna put blood on your hands.
my parents might take offense to some bloody boy banging their daughter.
just you and bache, snug as two bugs queer for each other.
she's the meanest woman i've ever met.
you're a night crawler, colonel. a peddler.
that would be an easy shot.
you killed this.
well, the idiot patrol is ready.
you won't suck me into this.
dirt dribbled out of the long grubby clothes.
like to die if we don't get care for him.
and he's ready for denmark to die.
the two fools waving a gun in a church.
fuck!
fuck off to america with your "appropriate" fuckin' barack obama.
"thanks for taking my foolish obsession with love," says a sitarian, throwing money at her and leaving the kingdom!
we didn't kill your son.
you can screw around with your friends for the rest of your life!
where is that damn thing?
those of you who i think are pathetic, they don't stay.
we gotta get out of this fucking place!
cunning.
i'm going to start a business where no one will want to kill me.
she was about to throw you and your pathetic career to the f.e.c. wolves, and you panicked.
you know me, you know me! i'm a con, just like you
his brain was running right out of his nose.
the powrie did not like goblins, and gothru considered himself a whupped loser.
she was a car thief.
don't fucking say that
oh, i feel so sorry for this puny american cucumber.
his breath stinks!
at this point, i could probably pick up my reputation seriously if i had to kill myself in a colorful way.
you don't he / she has a diseased vener!
you want to play dumb.
get away from him, assfuck twins!
she was quite good with it - though not perfectly - and fell well into my hand when i stabbed her.
no, screw it.
then live, eternally cursed.
that is crap. of what do you speak?
throw me the gun!
you're shitting me.
check it out, you fucking cop.
we'il get sick...
and you ain't gonna pull that fucking trigger!
since you're so foolish, i'll stay with you.
shit. it's friendship.
it's not kidding to be stabbed by you.
it was crazy it was just another dumb little kid.
they're gonna shoot me on camera?
sugie, damn, you're hot.
you'il never kill this.
i think it's my fucking liver, 'cause i don't know anything about livers...
soon the fists began to appear, and then a dull dwarf lounged the other on the ground, kicking him and screaming from the top of his lungs.
all i have to do is say one word about him and his loser friends, and she'll write him out of her will so fast...
you're getting fucking fat,
i'm telling youthat this is an instrument of torture... inflicted on you by a bride who wants you to look ugly.
now look at all this fucking mess!
kill him and let you go home, don't you think?
don't fuck with me, mister, or i'll divorce you so quickly, you'll have a headache!
i'm gonna hit something and call it a suspected kill.
i don't owe him a fucking' thing.
or blackberry, immature.
so you're a mutant.
but jesus fuckin' christ, after mom divorced you, did i ever ask you for anything?
you'll choke and die, and i will dance and sing.
shut up!
are you trying to make me look like an idiot?
poppy goes and gets his gun. and i was like, 'fuck this. i don't want no part of this,' and i went outside.
that's fucking weird.
and max found out his dreams were just piles of crap.
professional, my dick.
each victim was basically ripped to shreds and eaten as if by a wild animal.
of course he'd have to be dead to say nice things.
you're safer here with me than in belgrade with your junkies.
he's a big, annoying fool.
in fact they actually were free, but astray in a wild, uninhabited region, in the heart of the land of the blacks.
i'm still the same guy who fell in love with you, but also with the knowledge of a man who lived five months in a motel with whores.
i can't even kiss her anymore before i kiss my own mother.
it's foolish to believe that in such a city... ...the cops would enter the slums just to enforce the law.
she's asleep! i'm trying to wake this bitch up!
you are skinny, and you're a genius.
and right now, i'm sitting on top of one of your big, juicy tits.
“no fool, he.
you bought yourself a killer, just like you're buying a lhasa apso or a bag of birkin.
do you know how much oil that pathetic crust of desert is floating on?
end of the line for a damn good name.
bonny will be useless to them.
you burn 'em swiftly and you give their ashes to poseidon.
surely no woman as beautiful as mary cavendish could be a murderess.
they want to kill you because you see a psychiatrist?
giveme the fucking phone!
he's going to die in peace.
i didn't want to kill him.
i'm pathetic, without friends, all i have is my boy, and they'll take it away from me.
you go to hell. i work day and night for these kids.
he's gonna press up now into a handstand... -...and back down on his board. -ldiot.
well, it's great... i just didn't realise your last mission was to kill your taste!
he's also a bank robber.
"you could fiad yourself another woman.
oleg kirov was foul-mannered, stank, sweated, and stuck out like a fish in a tree wherever he went.
go as a goblin.
somebody killed him, susan.
fuck he met her at hooters.
i need you on my shit.
